abaisses abEs
abandonne ab@dOn
abandonneras ab@dOnRa
abatage abataZ
abatte abat
abattrait abatRE
abdiquent abdik
abdiquera abdikRa
abêtit abeti
abhorrait abORE
abîmerai abimRE
abjurent abZyR
ablations ablasj1
abolisse abOlis
abominai abOminE
abondamment ab1dam@
aborda abORda
abordages abORdaZ
abordèrent abORdER
abouchés abuSe
aboulique abulik
aboutissiez abutisje
aboyaient abwajE
aboyez abwaje
abraser abRaze
abricot abRikO
abrita abRita
abroge abROZ
abrutissante abRytis@t
abrutit abRyti
abscission apsisj1
absenterait aps@tRE
absidiales apsidjal
absorbants apsORb@
absorbeur apsORb9R
abstenait apst*nE
abstinent apstin@
abstinrent apst5R
abstract apstRakt
abstracteur apstRakt9R
abstracteurs apstRakt9R
abstraction apstRaksj1
abstractions apstRaksj1
abstracts apstRakt
abstraire apstRER
abusais abyzE
abusèrent abyzER
abyssaux abisO
académicien akademisj5
accabla akabla
accablai akablE
accaparante akapaR@t
accèdent aksEd
accélérateurs akseleRat9R
accélèrent akselER
accentuais aks@t8E
accentuera aks@tyRa
accepterais aksEptRE
acceptiez aksEptje
accessoire akseswaR
acclamées aklame
acclamèrent aklamER
accolades akOlad
accommodatrices akOmOdatRis
accommodera akOmOdRa
accompagnent ak1paN
accompagnons ak1paN1
accomplirais ak1pliRE
accordant akORd@
accordéoniste akORdeOnist
accorder akORde
accostées akOste
accotait akOtE
accoucheuse akuS2z
accoudoirs akudwaR
accouplement akupl*m@
accourt akuR
accourut akuRy
accoutumé akutyme
accrédita akRedita
accrédités akRedite
accrocheur akROS9R
accrocheuse akROS2z
accroupissant akRupis@
accueillirent ak9jiR
acculait akylE
accumulai akymylE
accusateurs akyzat9R
acéphale asefal
achalandés aSal@de
acharner aSaRne
acheminant aSmin@
achèterait aSEtRE
acheteuses aSt2z
achetiez aS*tje
achevés aSve
achronique akROnik
acidifie asidifi
acier asje
acon ak1
acquérant akeR@
acquérir akeRiR
acquiesça akjEsa
acquiescer akjese
acquitte akit
acron akR1
acteurs akt9R
actinométriques aktinOmetRik
activants aktiv@
activement aktivm@
actualisant akt8aliz@
acumen akymEn
adams ad@
adapte adapt
adaptèrent adaptER
additionné adisjOne
additivité aditivite
adénoïde adenOid
adénomes adenOm
adhérer adeRe
adiposité adipOzite
adja adZa
adjonction adZ1ksj1
adjuraient adZyRE
adjuré adZyRe
administra administRa
administration administRasj1
admirable admiRabl
admires admiR
admirez admiRe
admonestés admOnEste
adonnais adOnE
adonnions adOnj1
adoptive adOptiv
adorables adORabl
adorerai adORRE
adossé adOse
adossés adOse
adp atp
adressé adRese
adressiez adREsje
adulateur adylat9R
adultérine adylteRin
advenu adv*ny
aérèrent aeRER
aériums aeRjOm
aérographe aeROgRaf
aéronef aeROnEf
affadis afadi
affaiblissent afEblis
affairaient afERE
affaisser afese
affalement afalm@
affame afam
affectèrent afEktER
affectif afEktif
affectionne afEksjOn
afférence afeR@s
afférent afeR@
affichage afiSaZ
affichaient afiSE
affile afil
affilés afile
affinerait afinRE
affirmerai afiRm*RE
affirmons afiRm1
affleurez afl9Re
affluant afly@
affolez afOle
affranchi afR@Si
affranchissais afR@SisE
affréter afRete
affrontant afR1t@
affronterions afR1t*Rj1
aficionados afisjOnadO
agacé agase
agacerie agasRi
âgées aZe
agence aZ@s
agenouillai aZnujE
agenouillées aZnuje
âgés aZe
aggloméré aglOmeRe
agglutina aglytina
aggravait agRavE
agilement aZilm@
agios aZjO
agissons aZis1
agite aZit
agitée aZite
agonirent agOniR
agonisant agOniz@
agrafage agRafaZ
agrandis agR@di
agrandissant agR@dis@
agréa agRea
agrée agRe
agrégés agReZe
agression agREsj1
agricoles agRikOl
agrippait agRipE
aguerrit agERi
aguets agE
ahané aane
aidaient EdE
aiderai EdRE
aiglons Egl1
aigrette EgREt
aiguilla eg8ija
aiguillées eg8ije
aiguillés eg8ije
aileron ElR1
aima Ema
aimant Em@
aimées eme
aimeront EmR1
aînesse EnEs
aise Ez
ajourne aZuRn
ajourner aZuRne
ajouterais aZutRE
ajustant aZyst@
ajusterai aZystRE
alandiers al@dje
alanine alanin
alarmes alaRm
albumine albymin
albuminoïdes albyminOid
alcatraz alkatRaz
alcools alkOl
alcoran alkOR@
alertant alERt@
aleurites al9Rit
alezan alz@
algébrisation alZebRizasj1
algues alg
aliénas aljena
aliénée aljene
alignais aliNE
alimentait alim@tE
alimentateur alim@tat9R
aliter alite
allécher aleSe
allègements alEZm@
allégrement alEgR*m@
allégresses alegREs
allemande alm@d
allergologie alERgOlOZi
alligator aligatOR
allongeant al1Z@
alloue alu
allumerai alymRE
allumeur alym9R
alluviaux alyvjO
almanach almanak
alourdissait aluRdisE
alourdît aluRdi
alphanumérique alfanymeRik
alsacien alzasj5
altérèrent alteRER
alternants altERn@
altières altjER
altitudinale altitydinal
alvéole alveOl
alvéolés alveOle
amadouaient amadwE
amadouant amadw@
amaigrit amEgRi
amalgamées amalgame
amarres amaR
amas ama
amazone amazOn
ambidextrie @bidEkstRi
ambitieuse @bisj2z
ambitieux @bisj2
ambrée @bRe
améliorations ameljORasj1
améliorés ameljORe
amena am*na
amendement am@dm@
amenuisés am*n8ize
amèrement amERm@
américains ameRik5
américaniste ameRikanist
amerlo amERlO
ameute am2t
amicalités amikalite
amicaux amikO
amines amin
amman am@
ammonite amOnit
amochés amOSe
amoindrissait amw5dRisE
amollissement amOlism@
amorceraient amORs*RE
amorcerait amORs*RE
amortisseur amORtis9R
amouraché amuRaSe
amoureux amuR2
ampholyte @fOlit
amplement @pl*m@
amplifie @plifi
amputées @pyte
amputer @pyte
amusement amyzm@
amusèrent amyzER
amygdales amidal
anacardiacées anakaRdijase
analgésique analZezik
analogies analOZi
analysez analize
anamorphoses anamORfOz
anarchisant anaRSiz@
anatomiser anatOmize
anatoxine anatOksin
anciennetés @sjEnte
andalouse @daluz
andante @d@t
androïde @dROid
anéantir ane@tiR
anémiantes anemj@t
anesthésies anEstezi
aneurine an9Rin
anglas @gla
anglicanisme @glikanism
angoissait @gwasE
angstroem @GstR9m
anguleux @gyl2
animalcule animalkyl
animant anim@
animelles animEl
anisogamie anizOgami
ankyloser @kilOze
annelé anle
annihilé aniile
annihiler aniile
annonciatrice an1sjatRis
annotations anOtasj1
annuaire an8ER
annulez anyle
anoblissait anOblisE
anomalie anOmali
anoxie anOksi
anschluss @Slys
antécambriens @tek@bRj5
antédiluviennes @tedilyvjEn
anthozoaires @tOzOER
anthropométrie @tROpOmetRi
anthroponymiques @tROpOnimik
antibactériens @tibakteRj5
anticathodes @tikatOd
anticipantes @tisip@t
anticoagulants @tikOagyl@
anticommunisme @tikOmynism
antidiphtérique @tidifteRik
antifriction @tifRiksj1
antigaullistes @tigOlist
antimilitarisme @timilitaRism
antinationaliste @tinasjOnalist
antinomiste @tinOmist
antipodes @tipOd
antipolitique @tipOlitik
antiraciste @tiRasist
antisoviétiques @tisOvjetik
antisoviétisme @tisOvjetism
antituberculeuses @titybERkyl2z
anxieusement @ksj2zm@
aouls aul
août u
apaiserait apEzRE
apatride apatRid
apercevaient apERs*vE
aperçus apERsy
apéros apeRO
apeurer ap9Re
aphotique afOtik
apitoyée apitwaje
apitoyons apitwaj1
aplatie aplati
apnée apne
apochromatique apOkROmatik
aponévrose apOnevROz
aposporie apOspORi
apostrophait apOstROfE
apparaissiez apaREsje
apparatchiks apaRatSik
appareiller apaReje
apparentés apaR@te
apparents apaR@
appartenu apaRt*ny
appartint apaRt5
appâte apat
appâts apa
appauvrie apOvRi
appelassent aplas
appelée aple
appellation apElasj1
appesantirent ap*z@tiR
appesantissais ap*z@tisE
applaudit aplOdi
applique aplik
appliqueront aplikR1
appontements ap1tm@
apportas apORta
apports apOR
apprécierait apResiRE
appréciions apResij1
apprendraient apR@dRE
apprêt apRE
apprêteuse apREt2z
apprit apRi
approbatif apRObatif
approchaient apROSE
approchés apROSe
approfondis apROf1di
appropriations apROpRijasj1
approuvâmes apRuvam
approuvions apRuvj1
approximatives apROksimativ
appuierai ap8iRE
âpreté apR*te
aptien apsj5
aquarellait akwaRElE
arabes aRab
arachnoïde aRaknOid
araignée aRENe
arbalètes aRbalEt
arbitrages aRbitRaZ
arbore aRbOR
arborée aRbORe
arbousier aRbuzje
archaïsant aRkaiz@
archée aRke
archicube aRSikyb
archiprêtre aRSipREtR
archivolte aRSivOlt
arcure aRkyR
ardoisés aRdwaze
ardre aRdR
argentines aRZ@tin
arginine aRZinin
argousins aRguz5
arides aRid
aristocrates aRistOkRat
arithmétiquement aRitmetikm@
armeraient aRm*RE
armerais aRm*RE
armuriers aRmyRje
aromates aROmat
aromatisées aROmatize
arpège aRpEZ
arquebusier aRk*byzje
arrachant aRaS@
arraisonné aREzOne
arraisonner aREzOne
arrangerons aR@ZR1
arrêterons aREtR1
arrêtiez aREtje
arrimait aRimE
arrimé aRime
arrivé aRive
arriverons aRivR1
arrogant aROg@
arrosa aROza
arrosais aROzE
arrosée aROze
artabans aRtab@
arthrosique aRtROzik
articulaient aRtikylE
artificielles aRtifisjEl
artificieux aRtifisj2
artistique aRtistik
aryennes aRjEn
aryle aRil
ascendait as@dE
ascète asEt
ascidies asidi
asiarque azjaRk
asine azin
aspergent aspERZ
asphyxient asfiksi
aspiratif aspiRatif
aspirées aspiRe
asques ask
assainies aseni
assaisonnement asEzOnm@
assassine asasin
assécha aseSa
assemblerait as@bl*RE
assembleurs as@bl9R
assertions asERsj1
asseyaient asEjE
asseyions asEjj1
assiégeant asjeZ@
assignent asiN
assimila asimila
assimilera asimilRa
assiste asist
assisterai asistRE
associait asOsjE
association asOsjasj1
assoiffent aswaf
assolements asOlm@
assombrissait as1bRisE
assommée asOme
assonance asOn@s
assoupir asupiR
assouplit asupli
assourdies asuRdi
assouvissent asuvis
assujettit asyZeti
assumeraient asymRE
assurerais asyRRE
assurez asyRe
asthéniques astenik
asti asti
astiquée astike
astreignions astRENj1
astreintes astR5t
astronomies astROnOmi
astructurelles astRyktyREl
asymptotiques as5ptOtik
atemporels at@pOREl
atermoiement atERmwam@
athéromatose ateROmatOz
atomique atOmik
atomistes atOmist
atrocité atROsite
atrophiées atROfje
attablé atable
attaches ataS
attachions ataSj1
attaqueras atakRa
attardent ataRd
attarderons ataRd*R1
atteindrai at5dRE
atteints at5
attelles atEl
attendit at@di
attendrais at@dRE
attendrissent at@dRis
attentifs at@tif
attentionnés at@sjOne
atténuerait atenyRE
atterrit atERi
attester atEste
attifement atifm@
attirent atiR
attirerez atiR*Re
attises atiz
attractions atRaksj1
attractives atRaktiv
attrayant atREj@
attribuerais atRibyRE
attributif atRibytif
attrition atRisj1
attrouperaient atRupRE
aubettes ObEt
audienciers Odj@sje
auditions Odisj1
auge OZ
augurai OgyRE
augures OgyR
aulx O
auréolées OReOle
aurifères ORifER
aurifiées ORifje
austère OstER
australien OstRalj5
authentiquement Ot@tikm@
autocar OtOkaR
autocommutateurs OtOkOmytat9R
autofécondation OtOfek1dasj1
autogestion OtOZEstj1
automatisme OtOmatism
automédon OtOmed1
automoteurs OtOmOt9R
autoradiographie OtORadjOgRafi
autorisée OtORize
autorisent OtORiz
autosuggestionna OtOsygZEstjOna
autours OtuR
aux O
avala avala
avalaient avalE
avalèrent avalER
avances av@s
avantage av@taZ
avarement avaRm@
avaries avaRi
avé ave
avent av@
aventuré av@tyRe
aventurèrent av@tyRER
avertissement avERtism@
aveuglantes av9gl@t
aveugles av9gl
avidement avidm@
avilir aviliR
avionnettes avjOnEt
avisât aviza
avisèrent avizER
avocats avOka
avons av1
avorter avORte
avouâmes avwam
avouerais avuRE
axiologie aksjOlOZi
axiomatique aksjOmatik
aymaras EmaRa
azoïques azOik
azotémie azOtemi
babil babil
babouvisme babuvism
babylonienne babilOnjEn
bacillaires basilER
bâclée bakle
bactérienne bakteRjEn
bactériostatique bakteRjOstatik
badigeonnions badiZOnj1
badigoinces badigw5s
bafoue bafu
bâfré bafRe
bagage bagaZ
bagages bagaZ
bagouses baguz
baguette bagEt
bahuts bay
baignons bEN1
baille baj
bâilles baj
baisai bEzE
baisé beze
baissa bEsa
balade balad
baladeurs balad9R
balaierait balERE
balancées bal@se
balancement bal@sm@
balayerait balEjRE
balayer baleje
balbutie balbysi
baleiné balene
balèze balEz
balisait balizE
ballant bal@
ballet balE
ballonnés balOne
balnéaires balneER
balourdises baluRdiz
banalisées banalize
banane banan
bandaisons b@dEz1
banderai b@dRE
bandit b@di
bannirait baniRE
bannissements banism@
banquistes b@kist
baptiseur batiz9R
baptismale batismal
baralipton baRalipt1
barattait baRatE
barbants baRb@
barbette baRbEt
barbillon baRbij1
barboteuse baRbOt2z
barbouzes baRbuz
barbu baRby
bardot baRdO
bariolages baRjOlaZ
barmaid baRmEd
barouf baRuf
barraient baRE
barrez baRe
barristes baRist
barrit baRi
barzoï baRzOj
basaux bazO
basculants baskyl@
basic bazik
basilique bazilik
basque bask
baste bast
bastide bastid
batave batav
bat ba
bateaux batO
batik batik
bâtiment batim@
bâtirais batiRE
bâtonnet batOnE
battante bat@t
battiez batje
bau bO
baudelairiens bOdlERj5
bavants bav@
bavarois bavaRwa
bavassait bavasE
bavé bave
bazardant bazaRd@
beagle big9l
béarnaise beaRnEz
béates beat
bécotait bekOtE
becqué bEke
becquetance bEkt@s
bedonnante b*dOn@t
bées be
bégayante begej@t
bêlaient bElE
bêler bele
belge bElZ
belgique bElZik
béline belin
belotte b*lOt
bémolisé bemOlize
bénédictions benediksj1
bénéfices benefis
bénissaient benisE
benoîtes b*nwat
benzoïque b5zOik
béotienne beOsjEn
berçait bERsE
berceurs bERs9R
berdouillette bERdujEt
bergsonisme bERgsOnism
bermudas bERmyda
bésicles bezikl
besogneuses b2zON2z
bestiaires bEstjER
bêtifié betifje
bétonneuses betOn2z
beuglement b2gl*m@
beurrage b9RaZ
beurrés b9Re
biberonneurs bibROn9R
biberons bibR1
biblique biblik
bicéphalisme bisefalism
biches biS
bichonner biSOne
bidonnaient bidOnE
bielle bjEl
bientôt bj5tO
bienveillante bj5vEj@t
bifide bifid
bigamie bigami
bigarrure bigaRyR
bignonias biNOnja
bigots bigO
bihoreau biORO
biliaire biljER
bilingue bil5g
bills bil
binauriculaire binORikylER
binette binEt
biochimistes bjOSimist
biogéographie bjOZeOgRafi
biomorphique bjOmORfik
bip bip
biplans bipl@
birationnelles biRasjOnEl
biscornue biskORny
biscornues biskORny
bismuthique bismytik
bissextile bisEkstil
bistroquet bistROkE
bitumé bityme
biunivoques biynivOk
bizarrement bizaRm@
blaguait blagE
blaguant blag@
blâmant blam@
blancheur bl@S9R
blanchissement bl@Sism@
blanchit bl@Si
blasés blaze
blasons blaz1
blasphématoires blasfematwaR
blême blEm
blêmir blemiR
blesserait blEsRE
blessure blesyR
bleuissaient bl2isE
blinder bl5de
blindés bl5de
blondis bl1di
bloquer blOke
blotties blOti
bluff bl9f
bluffent bl9f
bobinoirs bObinwaR
bocager bOkaZe
bocson bOks1
boirait bwaRE
boirons bwaR1
boisés bwaze
boives bwav
bolas bOla
bolée bOle
bombardâmes b1baRdam
bombarde b1baRd
bonapartiste bOnapaRtist
bonbonne b1bOn
bondissaient b1disE
boniche bOniS
bonnard bOnaR
bonnie bOni
bonsoir b1swaR
borax bORaks
bordas bORda
bordier bORdje
borée bORe
bornait bORnE
borne bORn
bortsch bORtS
bosse bOs
bossellements bOsElm@
boston bOst1
botta bOta
botterais bOtRE
boucanée bukane
boucanerie bukanRi
bouchée buSe
bouchez buSe
bouclaient buklE
boudaient budE
bouderai budRE
boudinaient budinE
bouffante buf@t
bouffent buf
bouffon buf1
bougeantes buZ@t
bougées buZe
bougent buZ
bougonnaient bugOnE
bouille buj
bouillonnèrent bujOnER
bouillottes bujOt
bouledogues buldOg
bouleverserait bulvERs*RE
bouleverserons bulvERs*R1
boulonnait bulOnE
boulus buly
bouquetin bukt5
bourbons buRb1
bourdonna buRdOna
bourge buRZ
bourgs buR
bourgues buRg
bourratives buRativ
bourriches buRiS
bourrines buRin
boursouflure buRsuflyR
bousculades buskylad
bousculée buskyle
boustifaille bustifaj
boustrophédon bustROfed1
bouteur but9R
boutonner butOne
boutonnière butOnjER
bouzy buzi
boxait bOksE
boyards bOjaR
braco bRakO
braconnant bRakOn@
bragard bRagaR
braillements bRajm@
brailleurs bRaj9R
brament bRam
branchait bR@SE
branchiale bR@Sjal
brandirent bR@diR
brandisse bR@dis
branlement bR@lm@
braquait bRakE
braque bRak
brasille bRazij
brassé bRase
brasses bRas
brayaient bREjE
brebis bR*bi
bredouillé bR*duje
bretteurs bREt9R
brève bREv
bricolaient bRikOlE
bridant bRid@
bridgeons bRidZ1
brigandasse bRig@das
briguaient bRigE
brillantage bRij@taZ
brimait bRimE
brimbala bR5bala
bringuebalants bR5gbal@
briquait bRikE
briquetage bRiktaZ
brisera bRizRa
brisions bRizj1
british bRitiS
brocher bROSe
brochets bROSE
brodera bROdRa
bromure bROmyR
bronchais bR1SE
bronzait bR1zE
brooks bRuk
brossant bROs@
brouilla bRuja
brouillamini bRujamini
brouillons bRuj1
broutaient bRutE
broutantes bRut@t
broyait bRwajE
brucelles bRysEl
bruire bR8iR
brûlables bRylabl
brûlasse bRylas
brûlât bRyla
brun bR1
bruni bRyni
brusqua bRyska
brutalisé bRytalize
brutaliserait bRytalizRE
bubon byb1
budgets bydZE
buisson b8is1
buissonnaient b8isOnE
bulldozers byldOzER
buralistes byRalist
bureaucratiquement byROkRatikm@
burne byRn
bush buS
butais bytE
butinées bytine
butoir bytwaR
buvais byvE
bye baj
byzantin biz@t5
cabalistique kabalistik
cabèches kabES
cabinets kabinE
cabotaient kabOtE
cabotiner kabOtine
cabriolets kabRijOlE
cachaient kaSE
cachât kaSa
cacheter kaSte
cachetonnais kaStOnE
cadastrales kadastRal
cadavéreuse kadaveR2z
cadencées kad@se
cadrages kadRaZ
cadrerait kadR*RE
cafetier kaf*tje
cafeton kaft1
cafté kafte
cagnes kaN
cagnottes kaNOt
cahotèrent kaOtER
caillebotis kajbOti
cailloux kaju
cajoleur kaZOl9R
cajou kaZu
calamistrés kalamistRe
calcanéenne kalkaneEn
calce kals
calcula kalkyla
calculée kalkyle
calculerait kalkylRE
caleur kal9R
calfat kalfa
calfeutré kalf2tRe
californiennes kalifORnjEn
californiens kalifORnj5
câliner kaline
câlines kalin
callipyge kalipiZ
calmement kalm*m@
calmez kalme
calorifique kalORifik
calorimétrique kalORimetRik
calquent kalk
calvities kalvisi
calypso kalipsO
camaïeu kamaj2
cambrien k@bRj5
cambriolent k@bRijOl
cameraman kameRaman
camions kamj1
camoufler kamufle
campanules k@panyl
campât k@pa
campement k@pm@
canada kanada
canaillement kanajm@
canard kanaR
canas kana
cancans k@k@
candidates k@didat
candidement k@didm@
caniculaire kanikylER
cannelée kanle
canneraient kanRE
canoë kanOe
canonisée kanOnize
canotage kanOtaZ
canton k@t1
cantonnai k@tOnE
cantons k@t1
caoutchouté kautSute
caoutchoutière kautSutjER
capillarité kapilaRite
capitalismes kapitalism
capiteuse kapit2z
capitulerez kapitylRe
caporalisme kapORalism
caprice kapRis
capté kapte
capte kapt
captivèrent kaptivER
capuchons kapyS1
caquette kakEt
carabinier kaRabinje
caractère kaRaktER
caractérisées kaRakteRize
caractérologie kaRakteROlOZi
caraïbes kaRaib
caramélisé kaRamelize
caravanière kaRavanjER
carbonés kaRbOne
carburation kaRbyRasj1
carcinologie kaRsinOlOZi
cardée kaRde
cardigan kaRdig@
cardinale kaRdinal
caressent kaREs
caresserais kaREsRE
caricaturistes kaRikatyRist
cari kaRi
carillonnent kaRijOn
carmina kaRmina
carminées kaRmine
carnivores kaRnivOR
carotène kaROtEn
carottier kaROtje
carrant kaR@
carrelée kaRle
carrières kaRjER
cartable kaRtabl
carters kaRtER
cartésianisme kaRtezjanism
cartésien kaRtezj5
cartomancienne kaRtOm@sjEn
casant kaz@
cascadé kaskade
caserne kazERn
casquette kaskEt
cassable kasabl
cassements kasm@
cassine kasin
cassin kas5
castillanes kastijan
castrée kastRe
casuistiques kaz8istik
catalanes katalan
catalogue katalOg
catalyseur kataliz9R
catarrhal kataRal
catarrheuse kataR2z
catégorise kategORiz
cathartiques kataRtik
catins kat5
catogans katOg@
cauchemarder kOSmaRde
causais kOzE
causeries kOzRi
causette kOzEt
cauteleuses kOtl2z
cavalais kavalE
cavalcadait kavalkadE
caver kave
caviardées kavjaRde
cayennes kajEn
cédants sed@
cédé sede
ceinturée s5tyRe
ceinturer s5tyRe
céladon selad1
célébrerait selebRE
célébrés selebRe
cellulose selylOz
cendrées s@dRe
cendré s@dRe
cénotaphe senOtaf
centaures s@tOR
centièmes s@tjEm
centralisant s@tRaliz@
centrifugeuse s@tRifyZ2z
centripète s@tRipEt
centupler s@typle
cerdan sERd@
cérémoniale seRemOnjal
cérium seRjOm
certain sERt5
certifions sERtifj1
cérusage seRyzaZ
cerveaux sERvO
cessera sesRa
cessez sese
cétoine setwan
cévenol sevnOl
cf seEf
chagrinait SagRinE
chagrina SagRina
chahutées Sayte
chaînes SEn
chaldéenne kaldeEn
chaleureuse Sal9R2z
chamaillaient SamajE
chamaillèrent SamajER
chambardement S@baRd*m@
chambrer S@bRe
chambrière S@bRijER
champignon S@piN1
chancelaient S@slE
chancelantes S@sl@t
chandelles S@dEl
changements S@Zm@
changes S@Z
chantaient S@tE
chantants S@t@
chanteuse S@t2z
chantournées S@tuRne
chantres S@tR
chapardé SapaRde
chapelier Sap*lje
chaperonnée SapROne
charades SaRad
charbonnaient SaRbOnE
charcutailles SaRkytaj
chargeait SaRZE
chargeant SaRZ@
chariots SaRjO
charlatans SaRlat@
charmante SaRm@t
charnue SaRny
charolais SaROlE
charre SaR
charrières SaRjER
charrié SaRje
chartreuses SaRtR2z
chasserait SasRE
chasseur Sas9R
châtaigner SatENe
châteaubriant SatObRij@
chatoiements Satwam@
chatouiller Satuje
chatoyantes Satwaj@t
châtrons SatR1
chauffait SOfE
chauffantes SOf@t
chaufourniers SOfuRnje
chausserai SOsRE
chausseur SOs9R
chavirements SaviRm@
cheikh SEk
cheminâmes S*minam
chemisage S*mizaZ
chenu S*ny
chèques SEk
chéquier Sekje
chercheriez SERS*Rje
cherches SERS
chétives Setiv
chétivité Setivite
chevalerie S*valRi
chevauchais S*vOSE
chevaucheurs S*vOS9R
chevillées S*vije
chevreuils S2vR9j
chevrotée S2vROte
chiante Sj@t
chianti kj@ti
chiche SiS
chicotte SikOt
chiennerie SjEnRi
chiffonnières SifOnjER
chiffraient SifRE
chignons SiN1
chimériquement SimeRikm@
chiots SjO
chipotais SipOtE
chippendale SipEndal
chiroptères kiROptER
chitineuse Sitin2z
chloral klORal
chlorurées klORyRe
chlorure klORyR
choieront SwaR1
choisissais SwazisE
choisissions Swazisj1
chopant SOp@
chopé SOpe
choquerait SOkRE
chorégraphie kORegRafi
choréiques kOReik
choucroutes SukRut
choyant Swaj@
choyés Swaje
chromatogramme kROmatOgRam
chromosomique kROmOzOmik
chronique kROnik
chronométriques kROnOmetRik
chronophotographie kROnOfOtOgRafi
chtoniennes ktOnjEn
chuchotés SySOte
chuchoté SySOte
chuté Syte
cibles sibl
cicatrisait sikatRizE
cicatrisé sikatRize
cigle sigl
cil sil
cils sil
cimmériennes simeRjEn
cinabre sinabR
cinéastes sineast
cinoques sinOk
cintres s5tR
cippes sip
circoncire siRk1siR
circonscrire siRk1skRiR
circonvallations siRk1valasj1
circonvenir siRk1vniR
circulations siRkylasj1
cirerait siRRE
cireuses siR2z
cisaillement sizajm@
ciselaient sizlE
cisrhénane sisRenan
citerais sitRE
cites sit
citronnier sitROnje
civile sivil
civilisateur sivilizat9R
clabotent klabOt
clairières klERjER
claironnions klEROnj1
clamecé klamse
clamions klamj1
clandestinités kl@dEstinite
clapote klapOt
clapotements klapOtm@
claquemurant klakmyR@
claquetèrent klaktER
clarifia klaRifja
classant klas@
classerais klasRE
classifié klasifje
claustral klOstRal
claviste klavist
clémentines klem@tin
clepsydres klEpsidR
clicher kliSe
clignotant kliNOt@
clignoteurs kliNOt9R
climatisées klimatize
cliquetaient kliktE
cliquet klikE
clivé klive
clochetons klOSt1
cloison klwaz1
cloîtré klwatRe
cloître klwatR
cloporte klOpORt
clos klO
cloueraient kluRE
cnémides knemid
coacquéreurs kOakeR9R
coalisées kOalize
coaxiales kOaksjal
cocarde kOkaRd
cochenilles kOSnij
cochlée kOkle
cockney kOknE
cocufier kOkyfje
coda kOda
codifiées kOdifje
coenzyme kO@zim
coexistant kOegzist@
coffrée kOfRe
cogitent kOZit
cognes kON
cohérences kOeR@s
cohérent kOeR@
coiffiez kwafje
coincher kw5Se
coïncidait kO5sidE
coïncidions kO5sidj1
coins kw5
colchiques kOlSik
colicine kOlisin
collage kOlaZ
collages kOlaZ
colla kOla
collectionnées kOlEksjOne
collectionnera kOlEksjOnRa
collégiaux kOleZjO
collégiennes kOleZjEn
colle kOl
collerettes kOlREt
colleurs kOl9R
colloque kOlOk
colombine kOl1bin
colonisant kOlOniz@
colonisatrices kOlOnizatRis
colorait kOlORE
colorez kOlORe
coloristes kOlORist
colportées kOlpORte
colporteur kOlpORt9R
colza kOlza
combativité k1bativite
combattait k1batE
combientième k1bj@tjEm
combinent k1bin
combinés k1bine
comburant k1byR@
comédiennes kOmedjEn
comestible kOmEstibl
commandât kOm@da
commande kOm@d
commandons kOm@d1
commencées kOm@se
commentateurs kOm@tat9R
commentée kOm@te
commerçable kOmERsabl
commercialise kOmERsjaliz
commettrai kOmEtRE
commissures kOmisyR
communautaires kOmynOtER
communicantes kOmynik@t
communiel kOmynjEl
communiquions kOmynikj1
communiste kOmynist
commuter kOmyte
compacté k1pakte
compagnes k1paN
comparatifs k1paRatif
comparez k1paRe
compartimentage k1paRtim@taZ
compati k1pati
compatissantes k1patis@t
compensateur k1p@sat9R
compères k1pER
compilés k1pile
compissé k1pise
complaît k1plE
complémentarité k1plem@taRite
complétés k1plete
complies k1pli
complimentait k1plim@tE
compliqués k1plike
complu k1ply
comportaient k1pORtE
comportât k1pORta
composes k1pOz
composite k1pOzit
comprenait k1pR*nE
comprenez k1pR*ne
compresseurs k1pRes9R
comprisse k1pRis
compromettante k1pROmEt@t
compromit k1pROmi
comptables k1tabl
comptage k1taZ
comptoirs k1twaR
compulsés k1pylse
comtois k1twa
concasseur k1kas9R
concédaient k1sedE
concentricité k1s@tRisite
concentrique k1s@tRik
conceptuelle k1sEpt8El
concertaient k1sERtE
concerte k1sERt
concevant k1sv@
conchiaient k1SjE
conciliabules k1siljabyl
concision k1sizj1
concitoyens k1sitwaj5
conclus k1kly
concordance k1kORd@s
concordat k1kORda
concrète k1kREt
concrétisèrent k1kRetizER
concupiscent k1kypis@;k1kypis
concussions k1kysj1
condamnant k1dan@
condensait k1d@sE
condensa k1d@sa
condescendre k1des@dR
conditionnels k1disjOnEl
condoléance k1dOle@s
conduiront k1d8iR1
conduisent k1d8iz
confectionna k1fEksjOna
confédérale k1fedeRal
conférât k1feRa
confèrent k1fER
confessai k1fEsE
confessais k1fEsE
confia k1fja
confidentiellement k1fid@sjElm@
confierait k1fjeRE
confirma k1fiRma
confirme k1fiRm
confiscations k1fiskasj1
confituriers k1fityRje
confondais k1f1dE
confondrons k1f1dR1
conformaient k1fORmE
confortables k1fORtabl
confraternelle k1fRatERnEl
confrontez k1fR1te
congédiée k1Zedje
congèlent k1ZEl
congestionné k1ZEstjOne
conglobation k1glObasj1
congruences k1gRy@s
conjecturer k1ZEktyRe
conjoignent k1ZwaN
conjugaison k1ZygEz1
conjungos k1Z1gO
conjurateurs k1ZyRat9R
connaisseuse kOnEs2z
connaîtrais kOnEtRE
connectent kOnEkt
connoter kOnOte
connus kOny
conquistador k1kistadOR
consacrent k1sakR
consacrerai k1sakR*RE
consciencieusement k1sj@sj2zm@
conseille k1sEj
conseilleur k1sEj9R
consentes k1s@t
consentira k1s@tiRa
conservais k1sERvE
conserveront k1sERvR1
conserves k1sERv
considérerai k1sideR*RE
consignais k1siNE
consignera k1siNRa
consisté k1siste
consolante k1sOl@t
consolerons k1sOlR1
consommable k1sOmabl
consommables k1sOmabl
consonance k1sOn@s
conspirations k1spiRasj1
conspuaient k1sp8E
constatera k1statRa
constatons k1stat1
constellée k1stEle
constituait k1stit8E
constituantes k1stit8@t
constitutionnelles k1stitysjOnEl
constructif k1stRyktif
constructivisme k1stRyktivism
consubstantialité k1sypst@sjalite
consultables k1syltabl
consultent k1sylt
consumerait k1symRE
consumèrent k1symER
contactait k1taktE
contamina k1tamina
contaminant k1tamin@
contemplée k1t@ple
contemple k1t@pl
contenance k1tn@s
contentes k1t@t
contentions k1t@tj1
contestable k1tEstabl
contestés k1tEste
conteurs k1t9R
contingence k1t5Z@s
contînt k1t5
continuai k1tin8E
continué k1tin8e
continuel k1tin8El
contondants k1t1d@
contournaient k1tuRnE
contractait k1tRaktE
contracté k1tRakte
contraignirent k1tRENiR
contrains k1tR5
contrarions k1tRaRj1
contrastait k1tRastE
contrecarrèrent k1tR*kaRER
contrecarres k1tR*kaR
contrefacteur k1tR*fakt9R
contre k1tR
contremarches k1tR*maRS
contreparties k1tR*paRti
contretypage k1tR*tipaZ
contreviendrait k1tR*vj5dRE
contribuera k1tRibyRa
contrôleurs k1tROl9R
controversables k1tROvERsabl
controversistes k1tROvERsist
convaincante k1v5k@t
convalescence k1vales@s
convenablement k1vnabl*m@
convention k1v@sj1
converger k1vERZe
convers k1vER
convertira k1vERtiRa
conviais k1vjE
conviction k1viksj1
convivialité k1vivjalite
convoitée k1vwate
convoitent k1vwat
convoquée k1vOke
convoyant k1vwaj@
convulsionnaires k1vylsjOnER
coolos kulOs
coopéré kOOpeRe
cooptant kOOpt@
coordonneraient kOORdOnRE
copains kOp5
copieusement kOpj2zm@
copineuse kOpin2z
coprologique kOpROlOZik
coquelicots kOklikO
coquelle kOkEl
coquillière kOkijER
coramine kORamin
corbeille kORbEj
cordiers kORdje
cordonnière kORdOnjER
corés kORe
corinthien kOR5tj5
cornées kORnER
corner kORne;kORnER
cornet kORnE
corons kOR1
corporations kORpORasj1
correctes kOREkt
correctives kOREktiv
correspondantes kOREsp1d@t
corrigeant kORiZ@
corrigerai kORiZRE
corroborée kORObORe
corrompu kOR1py
corrosif kOROzif
corsages kORsaZ
corsetée kORs*te
corticaux kORtikO
coryphées kORife
cosmologique kOsmOlOZik
cossé kOse
cossues kOsy
cotées kOte
cotent kOt
cotisant kOtiz@
cotonnade kOtOnad
côtoyons kOtwaj1
couardise kwaRdiz
coucherez kuSRe
coudent kud
couennes kwan
couillonnée kujOne
couinements kwinm@
couleurs kul9R
coulissait kulisE
coulomb kul1
coupait kupE
coupâmes kupam
coupante kup@t
coupeur kup9R
coupole kupOl
courbature kuRbatyR
courbette kuRbEt
coureuse kuR2z
couronnées kuROne
courrai kuRE
course kuRs
courtelinesques kuRtElinEsk
courtier kuRtje
courtoisement kuRtwazm@
cousaient kuzE
cousinage kuzinaZ
coûtât kuta
coutume kutym
coutumières kutymjER
couvents kuv@
couvrent kuvR
couvreurs kuvR9R
covariant kOvaRj@
crabillon kRabij1
cracherait kRaSRE
crachèrent kRaSER
crachouillis kRaSuji
craignos kRENOs
craintives kR5tiv
cramée kRame
cramoisie kRamwazi
crâna kRana
crâniens kRanj5
craniométrique kRanjOmetRik
crapoteux kRapOt2
craquelèrent kRaklER
craquelures kRaklyR
crasseuse kRas2z
cravater kRavate
crawlait kROlE
créant kRe@
créateurs kReat9R
crédit kRedi
créera kReRa
créez kRee
crénom kRen1
crêpée kRepe
crépinette kRepinEt
crépitements kRepitm@
cressonnette kResOnEt
crétinisant kRetiniz@
crétinismes kRetinism
creusait kR2zE
creusets kR2zE
crevassée kR*vase
crever kR*ve
criailleries kRiajRi
criblés kRible
crie kRi
criminologie kRiminOlOZi
crins kR5
crispantes kRisp@t
cristal kRistal
cristallines kRistalin
cristallite kRistalit
critiquais kRitikE
critiquent kRitik
croassante kROas@t
crochet kROSE
crochue kROSy
croisait kRwazE
croisière kRwazjER
crois kRwa
croîtraient kRwatRE
cromlechs kROmlEk
cronstadt kR1stat
croquez kROke
crossé kROse
crottée kROte
croupade kRupad
croupionne kRupjOn
croustades kRustad
crucifiait kRysifjE
cruciverbiste kRysivERbist
cruels kRyEl
cryptogamie kRiptOgami
cubain kyb5
cubasse kybas
cueilles k9j
cueillons k9j1
cuira k8iRa
cuiseurs k8iz9R
cuisinait k8izinE
cuissardes k8isaRd
cuivré k8ivRe
cuivres k8ivR
culminaient kylminE
culots kylO
culpabilisait kylpabilizE
cultiverai kyltivRE
cultivons kyltiv1
culturel kyltyREl
cumuler kymyle
cumulez kymyle
curaille kyRaj
curées kyRe
curetonne kyRtOn
curieuses kyRj2z
cuticule kytikyl
cuvé kyve
cyclent sikl
cycle sikl
cyclorama siklORama
cylindrique sil5dRik
cymbaliste s5balist
cyrénaïque siRenaik
cytochrome sitOkROm
czars kzaR
dacique dasik
dactylographiés daktilOgRafje
daigneraient dENRE
daille daj
dalmatiques dalmatik
dames dam
damiers damje
dandinaient d@dinE
dangereuse d@ZR2z
dansai d@sE
dansota d@sOta
dantesque d@tEsk
dardée daRde
dataient datE
daubant dOb@
dc desE
débagoules debagul
déballées debale
débande deb@d
débardages debaRdaZ
débarquais debaRkE
débarquez debaRke
débarrassé debaRase
débarrassons debaRas1
débattre debatR
débectage debEktaZ
débectent debEkt
débineurs debin9R
débitants debit@
débitée debite
déblocage deblOkaZ
débloque deblOk
débonder deb1de
débordât debORda
débordées debORde
débouclaient debuklE
déboulait debulE
déboulonnées debulOne
déboutonna debutOna
déboutonnez debutOne
débraguettent debRagEt
débrayée debReje
débrayes debRej
débrouillées debRuje
débrouillent debRuj
débroussaillées debRusaje
débutée debyte
débutent debyt
décadaires dekadER
décalcomanie dekalkOmani
décampe dek@p
décantant dek@t@
décapais dekapE
décapotée dekapOte
décapuchonne dekapySOn
décarcassés dekaRkase
décédée desede
décéder desede
décelait deslE
déceler desle
décentralisateurs des@tRalizat9R
déception desEpsj1
décerne desERn
déchaînait deSEnE
déchanta deS@ta
déchargeait deSaRZE
déchargions deSaRZj1
déchaussés deSOse
dèche dES
déchiffraient deSifRE
déchiquetaient deSiktE
déchiqueteurs deSikt9R
déchirées deSiRe
déchireraient deSiRRE
déchue deSy
décidât desida
décidez deside
déciment desim
deck dEk
déclamaient deklamE
déclamant deklam@
déclarât deklaRa
déclarations deklaRasj1
déclassé deklase
déclic deklik
déclinaison deklinEz1
déclives dekliv
décochées dekOSe
décochés dekOSe
décoiffée dekwafe
décolérer dekOleRe
décoller dekOle
décolletées dekOlte
décommanderait dekOm@dRE
décomposeront dek1pOzR1
déconcentrée dek1s@tRe
déconcentrées dek1s@tRe
décongestionnées dek1ZEstjOne
déconnez dekOne
déconseille dek1sEj
décontenançait dek1tn@sE
décontractées dek1tRakte
décorative dekORativ
décorèrent dekORER
décortiqués dekORtike
découlé dekule
découple dekupl
découplés dekuple
découragez dekuRaZe
décours dekuR
découvrant dekuvR@
décrapouille dekRapuj
décrassé dekRase
décréter dekRete
décrétèrent dekRetER
décrispât dekRispa
décrochai dekROSE
décrochant dekROS@
décroissances dekRwas@s
décrotter dekROte
décryptage dekRiptaZ
déculpabilisait dekylpabilizE
dédaigné dedeNe
dédicacées dedikase
dédierais dediRE
dédouanage dedwanaZ
dédoublage dedublaZ
dédramatisent dedRamatiz
déduit ded8i
défaite defEt
défaveur defav9R
défavoriseront defavORizR1
défendirent def@diR
défendrez def@dRe
défenseur def@s9R
déféquant defek@
déférant defeR@
déferlé defERle
déferons defR1
déficient defisj@
défigure defigyR
défigurées defigyRe
définira definiRa
définissait definisE
défions defj1
déflorée deflORe
défonce def1s
déformables defORmabl
déformé defORme
défoule deful
défraîchis defRESi
défrichées defRiSe
défroissa defRwasa
dégageons degaZ1
dégainés degEne
déganter deg@te
dégeler deZle
dégénéraient deZeneRE
dégénérés deZeneRe
déglingua degl5ga
dégluti deglyti
dégomment degOm
dégonflaient deg1flE
dégorgeais degORZE
dégoulinade degulinad
dégoulinades degulinad
dégourdissions deguRdisj1
dégoûtants degut@
dégoûtes degut
dégradés degRade
dégrafé degRafe
dégressivité degResivite
dégrisât degRiza
dégriser degRize
dégueula deg9la
déguisait degizE
déguiserai degizRE
dégusté degyste
déifia deifja
déifie deifi
déjeunai deZ9nE
déjeunât deZ9na
déjouait deZwE
délacer delase
délaissements delEsm@
délardant delaRd@
délavée delave
délayait delejE
délecter delEkte
déléguer delege
délibérait delibeRE
délibérants delibeR@
délicieuses delisj2z
délimitais delimitE
délimités delimite
déliré deliRe
délits deli
délivrèrent delivRER
déloqué delOke
déloquer delOke
démagogie demagOZi
démanche dem@S
demanderaient d*m@dRE
demandeurs d*m@d9R
démantèle dem@tEl
démaquille demakij
démarquait demaRkE
démarrèrent demaRER
démâtée demate
démêlai demElE
démêlés demele
démembrait dem@bRE
déménage demenaZ
démentant dem@t@
démentiels dem@sjEl
démesures dem*zyR
démeuble dem9bl
demeurant d*m9R@
demie d*mi
demis d*mi
démission demisj1
démobilisés demObilize
démocrates demOkRat
démographes demOgRaf
démolissent demOlis
démolition demOlisj1
démonte dem1t
démontée dem1te
démontrent dem1tR
démordez demORde
démordre demORdR
démultipliées demyltiplije
dénaturer denatyRe
dénichais deniSE
dénicherait deniSRE
dénigrées denigRe
dénombrés den1bRe
dénomination denOminasj1
dénoncions den1sj1
dénote denOt
dénoue denu
densités d@site
dentiers d@tje
dentition d@tisj1
dénudons denyd1
dénuements denym@
dépannage depanaZ
déparié depaRje
dépariée depaRje
départira depaRtiRa
dépassent depas
dépassez depase
dépeceur dep*s9R
dépêché depeSe
dépêchées depeSe
dépeigne depEN
dépenaillées dep*naje
dépendît dep@di
dépens dep@
déperditions depERdisj1
dépéris depeRi
déphasage defazaZ
déphosphorer defOsfORe
dépisté depiste
dépités depite
déplacée deplase
déplaçons deplas1
déplia deplija
dépliée deplije
déplorait deplORE
déplorera deplORRa
déplume deplym
dépolarisation depOlaRizasj1
dépollué depOl8e
déposants depOz@
déposerai depOzRE
dépossédant depOsed@
dépouillement depujm@
dépouillera depujRa
dépravées depRave
déprimant depRim@
déprirent depRiR
dépucelages depyslaZ
dépulpe depylp
déraillant deRaj@
déraisonner deREzOne
dérangeantes deR@Z@t
dérapait deRapE
dérapé deRape
déréaliser deRealize
dérivabilité deRivabilite
dermiques dERmik
déroba deROba
dérobés deRObe
dérouille deRuj
dérouillée deRuje
déroulés deRule
déroute deRut
derrières dERjER
désaccordent dezakORd
désaccords dezakOR
désadaptés dezadapte
désagrégeât dezagReZa
désagréments dezagRem@
désamorcée dezamORse
désappointa dezapw5ta
désappris dezapRi
désarmaient dezaRmE
désarmantes dezaRm@t
désarticulé dezaRtikyle
désavantagée dezav@taZe
désavantages dezav@taZ
descendait des@dE
descendront des@dR1
descendues des@dy
désembourber dez@buRbe
désemplit dez@pli
désenchantées dez@S@te
désensibilisé des@sibilize
désenvoûter dez@vute
déséquilibra dezekilibRa
déséquilibrait dezekilibRE
désertiques dezERtik
désespérât dezEspeRa
désespérez dezEspeRe
déshabillons dezabij1
désherbants dezERb@
déshériter dezeRite
déshonorante dezOnOR@t
déshydratées dezidRate
désigne deziN
désincarnées dez5kaRne
désincarnés dez5kaRne
désintéressé dez5teRese
désintéresse dez5teREs
désintoxiquera dez5tOksikRa
désirer deziRe
désireuses deziR2z
désobligeait dezObliZE
désodorisant dezOdORiz@
désodorisante dezOdORiz@t
désolez dezOle
désorbitée dezORbite
désordonnés dezORdOne
désorientées dezORj@te
désoxyribonucléase dezOksiRibOnykleaz
desperado despRadO
dessaisissent desEzis
dessalant desal@
desséchée deseSe
desserrer deseRe
desserte desERt
desservies desERvi
dessinerai desinRE
dessineront desinR1
dessoûla desula
destin dest5
destitution destitysj1
déstocké destOke
destructive destRyktiv
détachant detaS@
détachés detaSe
détaillait detajE
détalé detale
détectais detEktE
détecté detEkte
détend det@
détendent det@d
détente det@t
détériorât deteRjORa
déterminait detERminE
déterminants detERmin@
déterre detER
détestables detEstabl
détesterais detEstRE
détonants detOn@
détonnaient detOnE
détourne detuRn
détracteurs detRakt9R
détraquais detRakE
détricote detRikOt
détrompé detR1pe
détrôna detROna
détroussaient detRusE
détruisez detR8ize
deutons d2t1
dévalons deval1
devantures d*v@tyR
dévastateurs devastat9R
développable devlOpabl
développements devlOpm@
devenais d*v*nE
dévergondés devERg1de
déverrouillé devERuje
déversez devERse
dévêtions devEtj1
dévident devid
déviderait devidRE
deviendrez d*vj5dRe
devineriez d*vin*Rje
devinerons d*vinR1
dévisagent devizaZ
deviser d*vize
dévissées devise
dévitalisée devitalize
dévoiles devwal
dévoniennes devOnjEn
dévorent devOR
dévots devO
dévouant devw@
devront d*vR1
dextrorsum dEkstRORsOm
diachromie djakROmi
diacre djakR
diagnostiqueraient djagnOstikRE
dialectisé djalEktize
dialectisons djalEktiz1
diamagnétiques djamaNetik
diamétral djametRal
diapasons djapaz1
diarrhéiques djaReik
diathermie djatERmi
dicible disibl
dicteras diktRa
dictez dikte
diencéphalique dj@sefalik
dièse djEz
différencia difeR@sja
différentielle difeR@sjEl
différents difeR@
difficultueuse difikylt82z
diffluence difly@s
diffusent difyz
diffusèrent difyzER
digestif diZEstif
dignités diNite
digression digResj1
dilapidaient dilapidE
dilatation dilatasj1
dilaté dilate
dilué dil8e
diluviale dilyvjal
diminuantes dimin8@t
dînais dinE
dinandiers din@dje
dinars dinaR
dînent din
diode djOd
diphasique difazik
diplomate diplOmat
dirait diRE
directeurs diREkt9R
dires diR
dirigeâmes diRiZam
discernai disERnE
discernèrent disERnER
disciplinaire disiplinER
discontinuités disk1tin8ite
discordance diskORd@s
discoureur diskuR9R
discrédit diskRedi
discrètement diskREtm@
discutables diskytabl
discuterait diskytRE
discutions diskytj1
disgracieuses disgRasj2z
disjoignait disZwaNE
disjonctions disZ1ksj1;disZ1ktj1
disparaisses dispaREs
disparaissons dispaREs1
dispatching dispatSiG
dispensât disp@sa
dispenseras disp@sRa
dispersé dispERse
disposas dispOza
disposez dispOze
disputeraient dispytRE
disputeurs dispyt9R
disques disk
disséquait disekE
disséquer diseke
dissident disid@
dissidents disid@
dissimulé disimyle
dissipera disipRa
dissocia disOsja
dissolvait disOlvE
dissonance disOn@s
dissuaderait dis8adRE
distançant dist@s@
distillant distil@
distillera distilRa
distinguera dist5gRa
distinguo dist5gO
distractif distRaktif
distribuai distRib8E
distribuaient distRib8E
distributrices distRibytRis
dîtes dit
diurèse djyREz
divaguaient divagE
diversement divERs*m@
diversifièrent divERsifjER
divertissais divERtisE
divinisant diviniz@
divinisent diviniz
diviseurs diviz9R
divorcée divORse
divorcerons divORs*R1
djellaba dZElaba
docilement dOsilm@
doctrinarismes dOktRinaRism
documenta dOkym@ta
dodeline dOdlin
dogmatiquement dOgmatikm@
dogmatisme dOgmatism
dolichocôlon dOlikOkOl1
doloriste dOlORist
domesticité dOmEstisite
dominance dOmin@s
dominateurs dOminat9R
dominicale dOminikal
dompterait d1tRE
dompteurs d1t9R
donnaient dOnE
donnerions dOn*Rj1
donnons dOn1
dorais dORE
dorée dORe
doreurs dOR9R
dormaient dORmE
dormiriez dORmiRje
dosée dOze
dossard dOsaR
douanes dwan
doublais dublE
doublette dublEt
douchais duSE
douche duS
douille duj
douros duRO
doutassent dutas
douves duv
doyen dwaj5
dragées dRaZe
drageoir dRaZwaR
draina dREna
dramatisation dRamatizasj1
drapeau dRapO
draperaient dRapRE
dressement dREsm@
dressez dREse
dreyfusards dREfyzaR
drogman dROgm@
droguer dROge
drolatique dROlatik
drues dRy
druide dR8id
duales d8al
ducal dykal
duchesse dySEs
dulçaquicoles dylsakikOl
duo d8O
duplicate dyplikat
durant dyR@
duras dyRa
dures dyR
dussiez dysje
duvetées dyvte
dynamiteur dinamit9R
dynamométrique dinamOmetRik
dysfonctionnement disf1ksjOnm@
dytique ditik
ébahies ebai
ébarbait ebaRbE
ébauché ebOSe
ébauche ebOS
éblouirai ebluiRE
ébouillanté ebuj@te
ébouillantée ebuj@te
ébouriffe ebuRif
ébranlement ebR@lm@
ébranlerons ebR@lR1
ébrèche ebRES
éburnation ebyRnasj1
écaillerai ekajRE
écarquillent ekaRkij
écarquillions ekaRkijj1
écartée ekaRte
écartent ekaRt
ecchymosée ekimOze
écervelés esERv*le
échancrure eS@kRyR
échangeant eS@Z@
échangez eS@Ze
échappement eSapm@
échapperai eSapRE
écharner eSaRne
échauffaient eSOfE
échauffe eSOf
échelonner eSlOne
échevelle eS*vEl
échigne eSiN
échos ekO
échouages eSwaZ
échoués eSwe
éclaboussera eklabusRa
éclaboussure eklabusyR
éclaircissage eklERsisaZ
éclairerait eklERRE
éclairs eklER
éclaté eklate
éclateront eklatR1
éclipsâmes eklipsam
écluser eklyze
écoeurés ek9Re
éconduit ek1d8i
économétrique ekOnOmetRik
économicités ekOnOmisite
écoperont ekOpR1
écorchent ekORS
écornés ekORne
écossa ekOsa
écouleraient ekulRE
écouta ekuta
écoutent ekut
écouvillon ekuvij1
écrabouillé ekRabuje
écrasassent ekRazas
écrête ekREt
écrevisse ekR*vis
écriaient ekRijE
écrit ekRi
écriveur ekRiv9R
écrivirent ekRiviR
écroulerai ekRulRE
écrous ekRu
ectoderme ektOdERm
écumante ekym@t
écumes ekym
écuyer ek8ije
édifia edifja
édifiant edifj@
édit edi
éditorialistes editORjalist
éducables edykabl
éduqué edyke
effaçais efasE
effaçassent efasas
effacerait efasRE
effacez efase
effarouchement efaRuSm@
effectuèrent efEkt8ER
efféminé efemine
effeuillaison ef9jEz1
effeuillé ef9je
effiloché efilOSe
effiloche efilOS
effleure efl9R
effondrait ef1dRE
effondrant ef1dR@
efforcées efORse
effraierait efRERE
effrayaient efRejE
effritèrent efRitER
effrontée efR1te
égaierait egERE
égalât egala
égalé egale
égalera egalRa
égarées egaRe
égipans eZip@
églogues eglOg
égosillant egOzij@
égoutiers egutje
égouttés egute
égrenage egR*naZ
égrenaient egR*nE
égyptien eZipsj5
éjaculation eZakylasj1
éjecta eZEkta
élaborerait elabORRE
élaguait elagE
élancera el@sRa
élargissaient elaRZisE
élargisse elaRZis
éléates eleat
électivement elEktivm@
électrifiées elEktRifje
électrisaient elEktRizE
électrocution elEktROkysj1
électroluminescents elEktROlyminEs@
électromyogramme elEktROmjOgRam
électrophorèse elEktROfOREz
électropositif elEktROpOzitif
éléments elem@
élevaient ElvE
élévateur elevat9R
élimées elime
élimina elimina
éliminait eliminE
élisais elizE
élitiste elitist
ellipsoïde elipsOid
ellipsoïdes elipsOid
éloignèrent elwaNER
éloigneront elwaNR1
élucider elyside
éludée elyde
éludés elyde
émanation emanasj1
émancipations em@sipasj1
émargeait emaRZE
emballes @bal
embargo @baRgO
embarque @baRk
embarrassais @baRasE
embarrassions @baRasj1
embatage @bataZ
embaume @bOm
embaument @bOm
emberlificotaient @bERlifikOtE
embête @bEt
embêtements @bEtm@
embobeliner @bObline
embobinée @bObine
emboîtèrent @bwatER
emboîtions @bwatj1
embouquer @buke
embourgeoisement @buRZwazm@
embouti @buti
embrassaient @bRasE
embrassât @bRasa
embrassées @bRase
embringuait @bR5gE
embrochée @bROSe
embrouillement @bRujm@
embrumée @bRyme
embryogénique @bRijOZenik
embuscade @byskad
émergent emERZ*;emERZ@
émerveillai emERvEjE
émerveillées emERveje
émétique emetik
émetteur emet9R
émiettée emjEte
émigrants emigR@
émincés em5se
emmagasinés @magazine
emmanchure @m@SyR
emménager @menaZe
emmenait @mnE
emmerderai @mERd*RE
emmerdeuse @mERd2z
emmurait @myRE
émolliente emOlj@t
émoluments emOlym@
émotivité emOtivite
émoustillait emustijE
émoustillées emustije
empaillée @paje
empanner @pane
empaquetée @pakte
empaume @pOm
empêchement @pESm@
empêchez @pESe
empennant @pEn@
empesage @p*zaZ
empêtrait @pEtRE
empierrait @pjeRE
empierrer @pjERe
empiètements @pjEtm@
empileraient @pilRE
empirèrent @piRER
emplirai @pliRE
emploi @plwa
employaient @plwajE
empochait @pOSE
empocha @pOSa
empoignées @pwaNe
empoisonnée @pwazOne
empoisser @pwase
emporterons @pORtR1
empotés @pOte
empoussiérait @pusjeRE
empressée @pRese
emprisonnai @pRizOnE
empruntent @pR1t
empuantie @p8@ti
empuantis @p8@ti
émulsions emylsj1
encadreront @kadR*R1
encadrés @kadRe
encaisserai @kEsRE
encapuchonné @kapySOne
encapuchonne @kapySOn
encastrées @kastRe
encensés @s@se
encens @s@
enchaînèrent @SEnER
enchanteresses @S@tREs
enchantés @S@te
enchâssées @Sase
enchâssés @Sase
enclenchée @kl@Se
encoche @kOS
encoconnée @kOkOne
encombré @k1bRe
encombre @k1bR
encornés @kORne
encouragé @kuRaZe
encouragés @kuRaZe
encre @kR
enculé @kyle
enculer @kyle
endettant @dEt@
endeuillés @d9je
endiguements @digm@
endocrinologiste @dOkRinOlOZist
endoctrinaient @dOktRinE
endommagent @dOmaZ
endormez @dORme
endormions @dORmj1
endossai @dOsE
endossiez @dOsje
endroits @dRwa
endurcir @dyRsiR
endurer @dyRe
énergiques enERZik
énervées enERve
énervons enERv1
enfantement @f@tm@
enfariné @faRine
enfarinés @faRine
enferra @fERa
enfilais @filE
enfileur @fil9R
enflammaient @flamE
enflammèrent @flamER
enfonçait @f1sE
enfonce @f1s
enfourchement @fuRS*m@
enfourné @fuRne
enfreindraient @fR5dRE
enfuyais @f8ijE
engageant @gaZ@
engageront @gaZR1
engendrassent @Z@dRas
engendrement @Z@dR*m@
englobait @glObE
engloutirent @glutiR
engloutisse @glutis
engonçantes @g1s@t
engorgées @gORZe
engouffrent @gufR
engourdit @guRdi
engrainait @gREnE
engrangent @gR@Z
engrossée @gROse
engueula @g9la
enguirlandées @giRl@de
enherbées @nERbe
enivrer @nivRe
enjambons @Z@b1
enjeu @Z2
enjolivés @ZOlive
enkystées @kiste
enkyster @kiste
enlaçant @las@
enlevée @lve
enlèverez @lEvRe
enlisent @liz
enneigé @neZe
ennoyées @nwaje
ennuyions @n8ij1
ennuyons @n8ij1
énonçais en1sE
enquérait @keRE
enquêtes @kEt
enquillé @kije
enrageant @RaZ@
enraidis @REdi
enregistrable @RZistRabl
enrêne @REn
enrhument @Rym
enrhume @Rym
enrichissent @RiSis
enrochés @ROSe
enroula @Rula
enrubannée @Rybane
ensable @sabl
ensauvagées @sOvaZe
ensauvagerai @sOvaZRE
enseigneurs @sEN9R
ensemença @sm@sa
ensemencer @sm@se
ensevelissait @s*vlisE
ensoleille @sOlEj
ensommeillés @sOmEje
ensuivirent @s8iviR
entablement @tabl*m@
entamai @tamE
entartrement @taRtR*m@
entassais @tasE
entende @t@d
entendrai @t@dRE
entendue @t@dy
enténèbre @tenEbR
enterrés @teRe
enterrions @tERj1
entêtaient @tEtE
enticha @tiSa
entôlage @tOlaZ
entomophile @tOmOfil
entonnai @tOnE
entortiller @tORtije
entourer @tuRe
entourloupettes @tuRlupEt
entraînantes @tREn@t
entraperçus @tRapERsy
entravent @tRav
entrechoquèrent @tR*SOkER
entrecôte @tR*kOt
entrecroisements @tR*kRwazm@
entrelaçait @tR*lasE
entremirent @tR*miR
entreponts @tR*p1
entreprendrez @tR2pR@dRe
entreprendront @tR2pR@dR1
entreras @tR*Ra
entretenus @tR*tny
entretiendront @tR*tj5dR1
entre @tR
entrevis @tR*vi
entrevoyons @tR*vwaj1
entrouvertes @tRuvERt
enturbannées @tyRbane
énumérative enymeRativ
énuméreraient enymeR*RE
envahi @vai
envasées @vaze
enveloppées @vlOpe
envelopper @vlOpe
enviait @vjE
envia @vja
envions @vj1
envisageait @vizaZE
envisageons @vizaZ1
envoient @vwa
envolerait @vOlRE
envolés @vOle
envoûtements @vutm@
enzymatique @zimatik
épaissement epEsm@
épaississe epEsis
épanchements ep@Sm@
épanouirait epanwiRE
épanouissait epanwisE
épargnerez epaRN*Re
éparpillés epaRpije
éparses epaRs
épaulent epOl
épeichette epESEt
épelés eple
épépinées epepine
éphébie efebi
éphémérité efemeRite
épicurienne epikyRjEn
épie epi
épient epi
épigé epiZe
épileptiques epilEptik
épiloguèrent epilOgER
épinglèrent ep5glER
épiphane epifan
épiscopale episkOpal
épitaphes epitaf
épitaxie epitaksi
éplorés eplORe
épluches eplyS
épluchures eplySyR
éponymes epOnim
époumonait epumOnE
épouser epuze
époussetés epuste
époustouflantes epustufl@t
épouvanter epuv@te
éprouva epRuva
éprouvante epRuv@t
éprouvés epRuve
épuisé ep8ize
épuiser ep8ize
équarrie ekaRi
équestres ekEstR
équilibre ekilibR
équilibres ekilibR
équipera ekipRa
équipèrent ekipER
équivalaient ekivalE
éraflure eRaflyR
éraillaient eRajE
éreintées eR5te
ergotait ERgOtE
érogènes eROZEn
érosion eROzj1
errantes ER@t
errants ER@
ersatz ERzats
érudition eRydisj1
érythémateuses eRitemat2z
escadrin eskadR5
escalade eskalad
escamota eskamOta
escamoter eskamOte
escargotière eskaRgOtjER
esclaffaient esklafE
esclaffai esklafE
escompta esk1ta
escortait eskORtE
escortes eskORt
escroque eskROk
esgourdant esguRd@
espacèrent espasER
espéré espeRe
espèrent espER
espionnage espjOnaZ
espionnait espijOnE
esquille eskij
esquisses eskis
esquive eskiv
essaierait esERE
essarts esaR
essayages esEjaZ
essayions esejj1
essieu esj2
essorage esORaZ
essoufflèrent esuflER
essuyaient es8ijE
essuyés es8ije
estampées est@pe
estampiller est@pije
estimables estimabl
estimât estima
estimé estime
estomaquée estOmake
estompée est1pe
estouffade estufad
estudiantins estydj@t5
établie etabli
étageaient etaZE
étagères etaZER
étalaient etalE
étalonnés etalOne
étanchéité et@Seite
étatisée etatize
étaye etej
éteindre et5dR
étendaient et@dE
étendraient et@dRE
éterniserait etERnizRE
éternisons etERniz1
étêta etEta
étêtés etEte
éthiopiennes etjOpjEn
ethnies etni
ethnologue etnOlOg
étiers etje
étincelante et5sl@t
étions etj1
étiquetées etikte
étirez etiRe
étoilée etwale
étoilent etwal
étonnerais etOnRE
étouffaient etufE
étouffantes etuf@t
étourderie etuRd*Ri
étourdissantes etuRdis@t
étrangères etR@ZER
étrangeté etR@Zte
étrécir etResiR
étreignant etREN@
étrennait etREnE
étripe etRip
étripèrent etRipER
étudient etydi
étudiez etydje
eugéniques 2Zenik
euphémisme 2femism
euryhalins 2Rial5
eussiez ysje
évacuez evakye
évagination evaZinasj1
évalua eval8a
évanescents evanes@
évanouira evanwiRa
évanouissant evanwis@
évaporée evapORe
évasera evazRa
éveillassent evEjas
événementielles evEnm@sjEl
éventaires ev@tER
éventait ev@tE
éventrés ev@tRe
évêques evEk
évertue evERty
évidage evidaZ
évinça ev5sa
évitai evitE
éviteront evitR1
évolueraient evOlyRE
évoluons evOl81
évoquerai evOkRE
exaction egzaksj1
exagérais egzaZeRE
exagérés egzaZeRe
examinais egzaminE
examinant egzamin@
exaspéra egzaspeRa
exauçai egzOsE
exaucer egzOse
excentration eks@tRasj1
excepte eksEpt
excessif eksesif
excitants eksit@
excitation eksitasj1
exclamaient eksklamE
excluent ekskly
exclura eksklyRa
excommunié ekskOmynje
excréments ekskRem@
excursionnant ekskyRsjOn@
excusâmes ekskyzam
excusés ekskyze
exécrations egzekRasj1
exècre egzEkR
exécutèrent egzekytER
exécuteurs egzekyt9R
exemplairement egz@plERm@
exerceraient egzERs*RE
exercerez egzERs*Re
exhala egzala
exhaussait egzOsE
exhaustion egzOstj1
exhortai egzORtE
exhortent egzORt
exhumées egzyme
exigeât egziZa
exigez egziZe
exilées egzile
existentiel egzist@sjEl
existeriez egzist*Rje
exondés egz1de
exophtalmie egzOftalmi
exorciserait egzORsizRE
expansionnistes eksp@sjOnist
expansions eksp@sj1
expectoré ekspEktORe
expédieras ekspediRa
expédièrent ekspedjER
expérimentale ekspeRim@tal
expient ekspi
expirantes ekspiR@t
explicitant eksplisit@
explicité eksplisite
expliquerait eksplikRE
exploitantes eksplwat@t
exploitations eksplwatasj1
explorais eksplORE
explorées eksplORe
explosait eksplOzE
exportable ekspORtabl
exporté ekspORte
exposera ekspOzRa
expressive ekspResiv
exprima ekspRima
exprimons ekspRim1
expulser ekspylse
expulsez ekspylse
exsudant eksyd@
exsudats eksyda
extatique ekstatik
exténuer eksten8e
exterminerait ekstERminRE
exterminer ekstERmine
extirpés ekstiRpe
extracteur ekstRakt9R
extradé ekstRade
extrapolé ekstRapOle
extraterrestre ekstRatEREstR
extrayait ekstRajE
exubérantes egzybeR@t
fables fabl
fabriquiez fabRikje
fabriquons fabRik1
facettées fasEte
fâchait faSE
fâchèrent faSER
faciès fasjEs
faciliterait fasilitRE
façonnage fasOnaZ
facturation faktyRasj1
facultatif fakyltatif
fadas fada
fagoté fagOte
fagotiers fagOtje
faiblissent fEblis
faïence faj@s
faillite fajit
faims f5
faisceaux fEsO
faîtages fEtaZ
fakir fakiR
falloir falwaR
fameux fam2
familiarisa familjaRiza
famille famij
fanatisé fanatize
fanaux fanO
fanfaronné f@faROne
fantasia f@tazja
fantasme f@tasm
faquin fak5
faramineux faRamin2
farcissaient faRsisE
farfelue faRf*ly
farfelu faRf*ly
farinée faRine
fascina fasina
fascine fasin
fastidieuses fastidj2z
fatalement fatalm@
fatiguai fatigE
faubert fObER
faucheuse fOS2z
faufilai fOfilE
faufilerait fOfilRE
fau fO
fausserait fOsRE
faustienne fOstjEn
fauvette fOvEt
favorisé favORize
favorisons favORiz1
fécondants fek1d@
fécondateur fek1dat9R
fédéralismes fedeRalism
féerie feeRi
feins f5
feldspathiques fEldspatik
fêles fEl
félibrige felibRiZ
félinité felinite
felouques f2luk
féminisation feminizasj1
fendillé f@dije
fendissent f@dis
fénelonien fenlOnj5
fentes f@t
fermais fERmE
ferme fERm
fermes fERm
fermoirs fERmwaR
ferrade fERad
ferrés fERe
ferrique fERik
ferromagnétique fEROmaNetik
férule feRyl
ferventes fERv@t
ferveur fERv9R
festives fEstiv
festons fEst1
fêtâmes fEtam
fétiche fetiS
feudistes f2dist
feuilleté f9jte
feuilletoniste f9jtOnist
feuler f9le
fiance fj@s
fibrés fibRe
fibrille fibRij
ficelant fisl@
fichet fiSE
fichus fiSy
fidèles fidEl
fierté fjERte
fiesta fjEsta
fièvres fjEvR
figerait fiZRE
figulines figylin
figurait figyRE
figuré figyRe
filai filE
filâmes filam
filant fil@
fileté filte
fileuse fil2z
filière filjER
filmés filme
filmothèque filmOtEk
filtrants filtR@
finalisme finalism
finança fin@sa
finasser finase
finirait finiRE
finissions finisj1
finition finisj1
firmans fiRm@
fissile fisil
fissurer fisyRe
fît fi
fixent fiks
fixerons fiksR1
flagellaires flaZElER
flagellait flaZElE
flagorne flagORn
flairent flER
flamand flam@
flambeur fl@b9R
flamboyaient fl@bwajE
flammes flam
flânaient flanE
flânions flanj1
flanquement fl@km@
flanquent fl@k
flask flask
flatteries flatRi
flattez flate
fléchi fleSi
flemme flEm
flétans flet@
flétriront fletRiR1
fleurent fl9R
fleuris fl9Ri
flexuosités flEks8Ozite
flibuste flibyst
flip flip
flirtent fl9Rt
flirts fl9Rt
floral flORal
flories flORi
floristique flORistik
flottes flOt
flottille flOtij
fluant fly@
fluidifiante fl8idifj@t
fluidiques fl8idik
foc fOk
foiraient fwaRE
foirails fwaRaj
folâtreries fOlatR*Ri
foliacé fOljase
foliole fOljOl
folklores fOlklOR
fomenteront fOm@tR1
foncière f1sjER
fonctionnellement f1ksjOnElm@
fondamentaux f1dam@tO
fonderies f1dRi
fondons f1d1
fontaine f1tEn
fontes f1t
forage fORaZ
forçai fORsE
forceur fORs9R
forcez fORse
forêts fORE
foreuse fOR2z
forger fORZe
forgions fORZj1
formalismes fORmalism
formateur fORmat9R
formé fORme
former fORme
formulable fORmylabl
formulaire fORmylER
fortiches fORtiS
fortifiant fORtifj@
fortuite fORt8it
fouailles fwaj
fouchtra fuktRa
fouets fwE
fougeraie fuZRE
fougues fug
fouillons fuj1
fouineurs fwin9R
fouisseuses fwis2z
foulées fule
fourbes fuRb
fourchets fuRSE
fourguerait fuRg*RE
fourgues fuRg
fournaises fuRnEz
fournis fuRni
fournisseuses fuRnis2z
fourraient fuRE
fourrerez fuR*Re
fourvoiement fuRvwam@
foutions futj1
foutit futi
foyard fwajaR
fracassât fRakasa
fractionnaires fRaksjOnER
fragilement fRaZilm@
fragmentaient fRagm@tE
fragrances fRagR@s
fraîchissait fRESisE
fraîchit fRESi
français fR@sE
franches fR@S
franchies fR@Si
franchissions fR@Sisj1
francolin fR@kOl5
francophone fR@kOfOn
frappe fRap
frappeurs fRap9R
fraterniserait fRatERnizRE
fraternités fRatERnite
frayais fRejE
freinait fREnE
freinées fRene
frémissants fRemis@
frênes fREn
fréquentations fRek@tasj1
fréquenter fRek@te
frète fREt
fréter fRete
fretin fR*t5
fricassée fRikase
frichti fRiSti
frictionner fRiksjOne
frileuse fRil2z
frileuses fRil2z
fringants fR5g@
friperie fRipRi
fripouillerie fRipujRi
frisent fRiz
frisonne fRizOn
frissonnai fRisOnE
friteries fRitRi
froides fRwad
froisser fRwase
froissés fRwase
frôlait fROlE
frondaisons fR1dEz1
frondé fR1de
fronton fR1t1
frotteur fROt9R
frotteuse fROt2z
froussarde fRusaRd
frugalement fRygalm@
fruitariens fR8itaRj5
frustrations fRystRasj1
fucus fykys
fugue fyg
fuira f8iRa
fulgurent fylgyR
fuligineuses fyliZin2z
fumage fymaZ
fumât fyma
fumeron fymR1
fumes fym
funky f9nki
furetage fyRtaZ
furieuses fyRj2z
furonculoses fyR1kylOz
fuselage fyzlaZ
fusilleurs fyzij9R
fusillez fyzije
fustanelle fystanEl
fut fy
futiles fytil
fuyez f8ije
gâchez gaSe
gade gad
gaffaient gafE
gag gag
gagnerais gaNRE
gagnerons gaNR1
gaiement gem@
gainée gEne
gainiers genje
galathée galate
galériens galeRj5
galernes galERn
galiciennes galisjEn
gallique galik
gallons gal1
galopait galOpE
galures galyR
galvanique galvanik
galvaudée galvOde
gambadent g@bad
gambilleuses g@bij2z
gamine gamin
ganaderia ganadeRja
gansée g@se
garait gaRE
garantissant gaR@tis@
garces gaRs
garçon gaRs1
gardeuses gaRd2z
gardon gaRd1
gares gaR
gargouillement gaRgujm@
gargouillent gaRguj
garnissages gaRnisaZ
garrotte gaROt
gaspillait gaspijE
gaspillons gaspij1
gastronomes gastROnOm
gâteuse gat2z
gâtez gate
gauchissait gOSisE
gauchistes gOSist
gaulle gOl
gaussée gOse
gavais gavE
gazelle gazEl
gazoduc gazOdyk
gazouillaient gazujE
geignante ZEN@t
geignement ZENm@
gélatineux Zelatin2
gelât Z*la
gémeaux ZemO
gémiraient ZemiRE
gendelettres Z@dlEtR
généraliseront ZeneRalizR1
généralisez ZeneRalize
génériques ZeneRik
genet Z*nE
gêneurs ZEn9R
génie Zeni
génitales Zenital
génovéfains ZenOvef5
gentillet Z@tijE
géochronologie ZeOkROnOlOZi
géodésiens ZeOdezj5
geôles ZOl
géomètres ZeOmEtR
géophysicien ZeOfizisj5
géotropisme ZeOtROpism
gerba ZERba
gerbeuses ZERb2z
gérée ZeRe
géré ZeRe
germania ZERmanja
germanistes ZERmanist
germination ZERminasj1
gesticulaient ZEstikylE
gesticulais ZEstikylE
gibbosités ZibOzite
gibet ZibE
gidiennes ZidjEn
giflent Zifl
gigogne ZigON
gilles Zil
gille Zil
girations ZiRasj1
girondes ZiR1d
girouettant ZiRwEt@
givrer ZivRe
glacer glase
glaciers glasje
glanage glanaZ
glanait glanE
glane glan
glapissement glapism@
glass glas
glissade glisad
glissements glism@
glissions glisj1
globule glObyl
globuline glObylin
glorifier glORifje
glouglou gluglu
glougloutante gluglut@t
gluante gly@t
glui gl8i
glycoformateurs glikOfORmat9R
gneissique gnesik
gnomes gnOm
gobets gObE
gobeur gOb9R
godiche gOdiS
gogo gOgO
go gO
goguettes gOgEt
golgotha gOlgOta
goménol gOmenOl
gominées gOmine
gondolé g1dOle
gonflera g1fl*Ra
gonocoque gOnOkOk
gordiens gORdj5
gorilles gORij
goths gOt
gouapes gwap
goujaterie guZatRi
goujates guZat
goumi gumi
gourd guR
gourent guR
gourmés guRme
goûter gute
gouttant gut@
gouvernaient guvERnE
gouvernât guvERna
gouvernés guvERne
grabataire gRabatER
graciai gRasjE
gradients gRadj@
gradué gRad8e
graillonna gRajOna
graisserai gREsRE
graisseux gREs2
grammaticales gRamatikal
grandioses gR@djOz
grandiraient gR@diRE
granges gR@Z
granulait gRanylE
granulome gRanylOm
graphomètre gRafOmEtR
grappier gRapje
grasseyait gRasEjE
gratiner gRatine
gratin gRat5
grattée gRate
gratteraient gRatRE
grau gRO
gravée gRave
gravées gRave
gravie gRavi
gravimètre gRavimEtR
gravissons gRavis1
greffier gRefje
gré gRe
grelottée gR*lOte
grelottent gR*lOt
grenouillette gR*nujEt
grésillant gRezij@
grésilles gRezij
gressins gRes5
gribouillait gRibujE
griffonnage gRifOnaZ
griffonnaient gRifOnE
grigne gRiN
grignotée gRiNOte
grilla gRija
grillées gRije
grimaçants gRimas@
grimacèrent gRimasER
grimpât gR5pa
grimpeurs gR5p9R
gringalet gR5galE
grippaux gRipO
gripperait gRipRE
grisettes gRizEt
grisou gRizu
grivet gRivE
grognasser gRONase
grognera gRONRa
grommelai gROmlE
grondera gR1dRa
gronderaient gR1dRE
grossesses gROsEs
grossissante gROsis@t
grossit gROsi
grouilles gRuj
ground gRund
grouperaient gRupRE
gruger gRyZe
guatémaltèque gwatemaltEk
guéant ge@
guêpe gEp
guéret geRE
guérissante geRis@t
guerre gER
guettai gEtE
gueula g9la
gueulaient g9lE
gueulez g9le
guichetiers giStje
guidaient gidE
guignard giNaR
guildes gild
guilloché gijOSe
guindaient g5dE
guinde g5d
guitoune gitun
gymnases Zimnaz
gypseuses Zips2z
gyrophares ZiROfaR
ha a
habilitant abilit@
habillées abije
habilleur abij9R
habitassent abitas
habituant abit8@
habitue abity
habituées abit8e
hachis aSi
hachurant aSyR@
hagardes agaRd
haillonneuses ajOn2z
haïs ai
haïssiez aisje
halages alaZ
halée ale
hâles al
halle al
halles al
hallucinés alysine
hamada amada
handicapa @dikapa
hanse @s
hanterai @tRE
happeurs ap9R
haquenée akne
harasse aRas
harcèlements aRsElm@
harcèlera aRsElRa
hargneuses aRN2z
harmonieux aRmOnj2
harmonisations aRmOnizasj1
harnois aRnwa
harpin aRp5
hasard azaR
hassidisme asidism
hâté ate
hâtons at1
haussât Osa
hauturier OtyRje
have av
hébergerait ebERZ*RE
hébété ebete
hécatombes ekat1b
hectolitres EktOlitR
hélée ele
hélicon elik1
héliophanie eljOfani
helvelles ElvEl
helvètes ElvEt
hématémèse ematemEz
hémine emin
hémogéniques emOZenik
héparine epaRin
hépatiques epatik
herbacées ERbase
herbivores ERbivOR
herboriser ERbORize
hérissés eRise
hériteront eRitR1
hérités eRite
hermétisme ERmetism
herminette ERminEt
herscher ERSe
hésitai ezitE
hésitation ezitasj1
hétaïre etaiR
hétéronomie eteROnOmi
hétéroplastiques eteROplastik
heurtais 9RtE
heurtent 9Rt
hexagonaux EgzagOnO
hiboux ibu
hideur id9R
hiérarchiser jeRaRSize
hiéroglyphe jeROglif
himalayennes imalajEn
hippies ipi
hippomobile ipOmObil
hissâmes isam
hissent is
histologie istOlOZi
historiographie istORjOgRafi
historique istORik
hivernants ivERn@
hocheurs OS9R
hodja OdZa
holographie OlOgRafi
homéotypique OmeOtipik
hommage OmaZ
hommages OmaZ
homologable OmOlOgabl
homonymes OmOnim
homopolaires OmOpOlER
honneurs On9R
honoraient OnORE
honteux 1t2
hooligan uligan
horizontalité ORiz1talite
horoscopes OROskOp
horrifiaient ORifjE
hors OR
hosannière OzanjER
hospodars OspOdaR
hôteliers Ot*lje
houblonnés ublOne
houe u
houppelande upl@d
houspillée uspije
houspille uspij
hugh yg
huileries 8ilRi
huisseries 8isRi
humains ym5
humanisant ymaniz@
humble 1bl
humide ymid
humidificateur ymidifikat9R
humilité ymilite
humoristes ymORist
hunes yn
hurlerais yRl*RE
hurlions yRlj1
hussite ysit
hybrides ibRid
hybridité ibRidite
hydre idR
hydrocyon idROsj1
hydroglisseur idROglis9R
hydrolysée idROlize
hydronymie idROnimi
hydrotropisme idROtROpism
hygroscopique igROskOpik
hyperboréen ipERbORe5
hyperfréquences ipERfRek@s
hypermnésie ipERm*nezi
hypertensions ipERt@sj1
hyperthyroïdies ipERtiROidi
hyphes if
hypnoïde ipnOid
hypoacousie ipOakuzi
hypoglycémiques ipOglisemik
hypostasie ipOstazi
hypotaupe ipOtOp
hypothétique ipOtetik
hystéries isteRi
ibérique ibeRik
ichtyol iktjOl
icône ikOn
idéaliser idealize
identifiai id@tifjE
identifièrent id@tifjER
idéographique ideOgRafik
idéologues ideOlOg
idoines idwan
idole idOl
ignominieuses iNOminj2z
ignorantins iNOR@t5
ignorons iNOR1
iléon ile1
illégale ilegal
illicites ilisit
illimitation ilimitasj1
illuminatrice ilyminatRis
illusions ilyzj1
illustrait ilystRE
imaginaire imaZinER
imagineront imaZinR1
imaginons imaZin1
imbibe 5bib
imbroglios 5bROljO
imbus 5by
imiterais imitRE
immaculé imakyle
immanquable 5m@kabl
immergeait imERZE
immergé imERZe
imminent imin@
immobilise imObiliz
immobiliser imObilize
immolations imOlasj1
immoraux imORO
immortalisés imORtalize
immunisés imynize
immunologiques imynOlOZik
impact 5pakt
impartiales 5paRsjal
impatientez 5pasj@te
impeccabilité 5pekabilite
impécunieux 5pekynj2
impératifs 5peRatif
imperator 5pRatOR
impersonnels 5pERsOnEl
imperturbablement 5pERtyRbabl*m@
impétueux 5pet82
implantais 5pl@tE
impliqué 5plike
impliquons 5plik1
implose 5plOz
impopulaires 5pOpylER
importance 5pORt@s
importé 5pORte
importuner 5pORtyne
imposé 5pOze
impose 5pOz
impotence 5pOt@s
imprégna 5pReNa
imprégnation 5pReNasj1
impressionne 5pREsjOn
imprévoyants 5pRevwaj@
imprimantes 5pRim@t
imprimer 5pRime
impromptus 5pR1pty
improvisaient 5pROvizE
improviserez 5pROvizRe
impuissants 5p8is@
impulsifs 5pylsif
imputations 5pytasj1
inabouties inabuti
inaction inaksj1
inadéquate inadekwat
inadéquat inadekwa
inanimé inanime
inapplicable inaplikabl
inappréciables inapResjabl
inattendues inat@dy
inaudibles inOdibl
inaugurèrent inOgyRER
incantatoires 5k@tatwaR
incantatrice 5k@tatRis
incarner 5kaRne
incendiait 5s@djE
incendié 5s@dje
inchiffrable 5SifRabl
incinérant 5sineR@
incises 5siz
incité 5site
inciteront 5sitR1
inclineraient 5klinRE
inclure 5klyR
inclusifs 5klyzif
incombant 5k1b@
incomestibles 5kOmEstibl
incommodée 5kOmOde
incompréhensiblement 5k1pRe@sibl*m@
incompréhensions 5k1pRe@sj1
inconduite 5k1d8it
inconsciente 5k1sj@t
inconséquente 5k1sek@t
inconsidérée 5k1sideRe
incontournable 5k1tuRnabl
inconvenants 5k1vn@
incorporée 5kORpORe
incorrection 5kOREksj1
incrédibilité 5kRedibilite
incriminé 5kRimine
incrustées 5kRyste
inculpée 5kylpe
incultivable 5kyltivabl
incurieux 5kyRj2
indécemment 5desam@
indécente 5des@t
indéfectibles 5defEktibl
indélivrable 5delivRabl
indemnisé 5dEmnize
indémodables 5demOdabl
indes 5d
indétectables 5detEktabl
indianisés 5djanize
indifférait 5difeRE
indignai 5diNE
indignée 5diNe
indiquaient 5dikE
indirects 5diREkt
indiscrets 5diskRE
indisposaient 5dispOzE
individualisables 5divid8alizabl
individualisant 5divid8aliz@
individuées 5divid8e
indolence 5dOl@s
indolores 5dOlOR
indue 5dy
induite 5d8it
indurés 5dyRe
inédit inedi
ineffables inefabl
inéligibilité ineliZibilite
inéligibles ineliZibl
inemployée in@plwaje
inesthétique inestetik
inexactement inegzakt*m@
inexpiable inekspjabl
inexpressives inekspResiv
inexprimables inekspRimabl
infamantes 5fam@t
infantilisme 5f@tilism
infatués 5fat8e
inféodait 5feOdE
inférences 5feR@s
infernal 5fERnal
infestaient 5fEstE
infiltrait 5filtRE
infinité 5finite
infinités 5finite
inflammabilité 5flamabilite
infléchissaient 5fleSisE
inflige 5fliZ
infligerait 5fliZRE
influençaient 5fly@sE
influencées 5fly@se
informatives 5fORmativ
informatrice 5fORmatRis
infortunes 5fORtyn
infrastructures 5fRastRyktyR
infréquentée 5fRek@te
ingénue 5Zeny
inglorieuse 5glORj2z
ingurgité 5gyRZite
ingurgités 5gyRZite
inhabités inabite
inhabituels inabit8El
inhérent ineR@
inhibées inibe
inhumainement inymEnm@
inintérêt in5teRE
ininterrompus in5tER1py
initiatrices inisjatRis
injectes 5ZEkt
injections 5ZEksj1;5ZEktj1
injustement 5Zyst*m@
inné ine
innervant inERv@
innocent inOs@
innovatrice inOvatRis
inocule inOkyl
inondât in1da
inonder in1de
inorganisés inORganize
inquartation 5kaRtasj1
inquiétons 5kjet1
inquisitorial 5kizitORjal
inracontable 5Rak1tabl
insatisfaisante 5satisf*z@t
inscrivant 5skRiv@
insensibles 5s@sibl
inséra 5seRa
insignifiants 5siNifj@
insinuante 5sin8@t
insistante 5sist@t
insisteront 5sistR1
insolente 5sOl@t
insonores 5sOnOR
insonoriser 5sOnORize
insoutenable 5sutnabl
inspectée 5spEkte
inspirait 5spiRE
instabilité 5stabilite
installations 5stalasj1
installions 5stalj1
instauration 5stORasj1
instaurer 5stORe
instinctif 5st5ktif
instituteurs 5stityt9R
institutionnalisme 5stitysjOnalism
instruire 5stR8iR
instrument 5stRym@
instrumentistes 5stRym@tist
insufflé 5syfle
insulation 5sylasj1
insultée 5sylte
insurgées 5syRZe
insurmontables 5syRm1tabl
intacte 5takt
intégralisme 5tegRalism
intégraux 5tegRO
intégrée 5tegRe
intellect 5telEkt
intelligents 5teliZ@
intellos 5telO
intenables 5tnabl
intensément 5t@sem@
intensives 5t@siv
interagissantes 5tERaZis@t
intercalant 5tERkal@
intercédant 5tERsed@
intercellulaires 5tERsElylER
interclasses 5tERklas
intercompréhension 5tERk1pRe@sj1
interdites 5tERdit
interdits 5tERdi
intéressée 5teRese
intéressèrent 5teREsER
interférentes 5tERfeR@t
interhumaine 5tERymEn
interindustriel 5tER5dystRijEl
interloque 5tERlOk
intermédiaires 5tERmedjER
interminablement 5tERminabl*m@
internés 5tERne
interpella 5tERpEla
interpénétration 5tERpenetRasj1
interphones 5tERfOn
interposé 5tERpOze
interposera 5tERpOzRa
interpréterait 5tERpRetRE
interrogatives 5tEROgativ
interrogées 5tEROZe
interrompant 5tER1p@
interruption 5tERypsj1
intersession 5tERsEsj1
intersidérale 5tERsideRal
intertropicales 5tERtROpikal
intervenez 5tERv*ne
intervenus 5tERv*ny
interviewers 5tERvjuv9R
interviewés 5tERvjuve
intimait 5timE
intimidé 5timide
intimidées 5timide
intitulés 5tityle
intouchés 5tuSe
intoxiquée 5tOksike
intransigeants 5tR@ziZ@
intransportables 5tR@spORtabl
intrépidité 5tRepidite
intriguassent 5tRigas
introduirait 5tROd8iRE
intronisaient 5tROnizE
intrus 5tRy
inuline inylin
inutilités inytilite
invalidation 5validasj1
invectivent 5vEktiv
inventaires 5v@tER
inventé 5v@te
inventes 5v@t
inversa 5vERsa
investi 5vEsti
investissiez 5vEstisje
invincible 5v5sibl
inviteraient 5vitRE
invitions 5vitj1
involontaire 5vOl1tER
invoquât 5vOka
invraisemblable 5vREs@blabl
iodures jOdyR
ionisantes jOniz@t
ionosphère jOnOsfER
irez iRe
iris iRis
ironique iROnik
irradierait iRadiRE
irradiez iRadje
irréalisable iRealizabl
irréalité iRealite
irréflexion iReflEksj1
irréparables iRepaRabl
irrépressible iRepResibl
irrespectueusement iREspEkt82zm@
irrévérencieuse iReveR@sj2z
irrigueraient iRigRE
irritable iRitabl
islamisme islamism
ismaéliens ismaelj5
isoélectriques izOelEktRik
isolation izOlasj1
isolerait izOlRE
isomorphismes izOmORfism
isotropes izOtROp
ite it
ives iv
ivoirine ivwaRin
jacarandas ZakaR@da
jacasseries ZakasRi
jacket ZakEt
jactait ZaktE
jacter Zakte
jailliraient ZajiRE
jalonnant ZalOn@
jalonna ZalOna
jam Zam
janie Zani
janvier Z@vje
jaquemarts ZakmaR
jardin ZaRd5
jargonnant ZaRgOn@
jaspaient ZaspE
jasper Zaspe
jaugés ZOZe
jaunissantes ZOnis@t
javanais ZavanE
jeep dZip
jéhoviste ZeOvist
jerrycan ZeRikan
jetiez Z*tje
jeudi Z2di
joaillerie ZOajRi
joggings ZOgiG
joignait ZwaNE
jointés Zw5te
jointive Zw5tiv
jonchaient Z1SE
jonglerie Z1gl*Ri
jongleur Z1gl9R
joubarbe ZubaRb
jouez Zue
jouissif Zwisif
joui Zwi
journal ZuRnal
journées ZuRne
joviaux ZOvjO
joyeuse Zwaj2z
jubileraient ZybilRE
judaïsant Zydaiz@
judiciaire ZydisjER
jugerait ZyZRE
jugulaire ZygylER
juifs Z8if
jumelé Zymle
jumenteries Zym@tRi
jupitériens ZypiteRj5
jurerais ZyRRE
jurèrent ZyRER
jureriez ZyR*Rje
justiciables Zystisjabl
justificatif Zystifikatif
juteuse Zyt2z
juvénilité Zyvenilite
kakémonos kakemOnO
kalachnikov kalaknikOv
kapos kapO
kava kava
keffieh kefje
képlérienne kepleRjEn
kick kik
kidnappée kidnape
kilométriques kilOmetRik
kiosques kjOsk
kippa kipa
klaxonné klaksOne
kolkhozien kOlkOzj5
komsomol k1sOmOl
krypton kRipt1
kymris k5Ri
laborantin labOR@t5
laborantins labOR@t5
labourés labuRe
lacérations laseRasj1
lâchée laSe
lâches laS
laconiennes lakOnjEn
lacrymale lakRimal
lacustres lakystR
ladres ladR
laïcisation laisizasj1
laineurs lEn9R
lainier lEnje
laisserions lEsRj1
laiteux lEt2
laitières lEtjER
laïusse lajys
lambeau l@bO
lambrequins l@bR*k5
lamée lame
lamellaires lamElER
lamentos lamEntO
lamés lame
lamifié lamifje
lampadaires l@padER
lancination l@sinasj1
landau l@dO
landtags l@ttag
languettes l@gEt
languirait l@giRE
lanier lanje
laotien laOsj5
lapé lape
lapide lapid
lappa lapa
lardeux laRd2
lare laR
larguent laRg
larmoyé laRmwaje
larmoyeur laRmwaj9R
larynx laR5ks
lassants las@
lasserais lasRE
latérale lateRal
latinité latinite
latin lat5
lavabos lavabO
lava lava
lavé lave
laverait lavRE
laxatifs laksatif
léchez leSe
léchouiller leSuje
lecture lEktyR
légalités legalite
légiféré leZifeRe
législateurs leZislat9R
légitimité leZitimite
légueront legR1
légués lege
lenteur l@t9R
lentigo l@tigO
léopards leOpaR
lépreuses lepR2z
lésionnelles lezjOnEl
lessivage lesivaZ
lestée leste
let le
leucoses l2kOz
leurrés l9Re
levantin l*v@t5
lèverai lEvRE
lévites levit
lévriers levRije
lexical leksikal
lexicographes leksikOgRaf
liaient liE
libellistes libElist
libellule libElyl
libérable libeRabl
libéralisantes libeRaliz@t
libérât libeRa
libido libidO
licenciaient lis@sjE
liche liS
liégée ljeZe
liera liRa
lièrent ljER
lier lje
liftez lifte
ligna liNa
ligneuse liN2z
ligotés ligOte
ligures ligyR
lilliputiennes lilipysjEn
liminal liminal
limita limita
limiteur limit9R
limonadier limOnadje
limoneuse limOn2z
linger l5Ze
linguiste l5g8ist
lino linO
lipase lipaz
lipidiques lipidik
liqueur lik9R
liquidienne likidjEn
liquidons likid1
lires liR
liseron lizR1
lisiblement lizibl*m@
lissés lise
listées liste
lithographiant litOgRafj@
litre litR
litron litR1
liturgiste lityRZist
livrai livRE
livrerai livR*RE
lobées lObe
localisés lOkalize
locos lOkO
logeables lOZabl
logent lOZ
logiques lOZik
logos lOgO
loisir lwaziR
longanimité l1ganimite
longea l1Za
longitudinal l1Zitydinal
look luk
lopette lOpEt
lorettes lOREt
lorgnon lORN1
lors lOR
lotos lOtO
lottes lOt
loubard lubaR
louerait luRE
louer lwe
loupais lupE
loupiots lupjO
lourdauds luRdO
louvoie luvwa
louvoyer luvwaje
loxodromique lOksOdROmik
lubrifiées lybRifje
lubrifier lybRifje
ludion lydj1
lugubres lygybR
luisantes l8iz@t
lumitype lymitip
lunatique lynatik
lunés lyne
lustraient lystRE
lustrait lystRE
luthériennes lyteRjEn
luttais lytE
lutterions lyt*Rj1
luxueusement lyks82zm@
luxurieuse lyksyRj2z
lxxi l*ksgzi
lycopodiales likOpOdjal
lycopodinées likOpOdine
lynchages l5SaZ
lyrisme liRism
lysogène lizOZEn
macadams makadam
macédoines masedwan
macédonienne masedOnjEn
mâchent maS
machette maSEt
machinal maSinal
mâchouillé maSuje
mâchuré maSyRe
macles makl
maçonneries masOnRi
macrobe makROb
macroscopiquement makROskOpikm@
madré madRe
mafias mafja
magdaléniennes magdalenjEn
magistraux maZistRO
magnan maN@
magnétisait maNetizE
magnifient maNifi
magot magO
mahométans maOmet@
maigrelet mEgR*lE
maillants maj@
maillot majO
maintenait m5tnE
maintint m5t5
maintînt m5t5
maîtrisez mEtRize
maîtrisions mEtRizj1
majo maZO
majorités maZORite
majuscules maZyskyl
malaises malEz
malavisé malavize
malaxées malakse
maléique maleik
malfaisants malf*z@
malfamée malfame
malhonnêtes malOnEt
malinkés mal5ke
malintentionnés mal5t@sjOne
malmèneront malmEnR1
malpolis malpOli
malséants malse@
maltraitât maltREta
malts malt
mamillaires mamilER
mammaires mamER
manchette m@SEt
mandarin m@daR5
mandate m@dat
mandé m@de
mandragore m@dRagOR
mangeait m@ZE
mangeât m@Za
mangiez m@Zje
maniaquerie manjakRi
manifestation manifEstasj1
manif manif
manigancez manig@se
manions manj1
manipulez manipyle
mannequine mankin
mannequin mank5
manoirs manwaR
manquements m@km@
manqueras m@kRa
mansuétudes m@s8etyd
mantra m@tRa
manufacturiers manyfaktyRje
mappemonde mapm1d
maquaient makE
maqués make
maquillais makijE
marante maR@t
marbraient maRbRE
marbrée maRbRe
marchait maRkE
marcherait maRS*RE
marcher maRSe
marcotte maRkOt
maréchal maReSal
margeait maRZE
margées maRZe
marges maRZ
margoton maRgOt1
marianne maRjan
mariiez maRijje
marinage maRinaZ
mariologie maRjOlOZi
marketings maRk*tiG
mark maRk
marmonnent maRmOn
marmottement maRmOtm@
marneuse maRn2z
marquages maRkaZ
marque maRk
marqueur maRk9R
marrante maR@t
marseillaises maRsEjEz
martellements maRtElm@
martial maRsjal
martyrisait maRtiRizE
martyrologes maRtiROlOZ
masculins maskyl5
masers mazER
massacra masakRa
massacrés masakRe
masselottes maslOt
massue masy
masticage mastikaZ
mastiqueurs mastik9R
matadors matadOR
mâtée mate
matelassé matlase
matérialisa mateRjaliza
matériellement mateRjElm@
maternise matERniz
materont matR1
matés mate
matinale matinal
mat mat
matoise matwaz
matraquant matRak@
matrilocale matRilOkal
matroclinie matROklini
maures mOR
mauvaise mOvEz
maxillaire maksilER
maya maja
mazarine mazaRin
mécanicienne mekanisjEn
mécanographiquement mekanOgRafikm@
mécénat mesena
méchante meS@t
méconnaît mekOnE
médiastinaux medjastinO
médiats medja
médicamenteuse medikam@t2z
médisante mediz@t
méditant medit@
méditerranéenne meditERaneEn
médullarine medylaRin
médusait medyzE
méfieraient mefiRE
mégalomaniaque megalOmanjak
mégariques megaRik
mélancoliquement mel@kOlikm@
mélangerai mel@ZRE
mélanodermie melanOdERmi
melchior mElkjOR
mêlez mEle
mêliez mElje
mélomane melOman
mélos melO
mémorisées memORize
memphite m@fit
menacez m*nase
ménages menaZ
ménagions menaZj1
mendiant m@dj@
mendieras m@diRa
meneaux m2nO
ménisques menisk
mensongèrement m@s1ZERm@
mensongères m@s1ZER
mentales m@tal
menti m@ti
mentionnant m@sjOn@
menton m@t1
menuet m*n8E
méplat mepla
méprisées mepRize
mépris mepRi
mercanti mERk@ti
mercurochrome mERkyROkROm
merde mERd
mères mER
méridienne meRidjEn
méritent meRit
merle mERl
méroplancton meROpl@kt1
mérovingien meROv5Zj5
mescaline mEskalin
mésinterpréter mez5tERpRete
mésoplancton mezOpl@kt1
mesquin mEsk5
messier mesje
mesurai m*zyRE
mesures m*zyR
mésusé mezyze
métallisé metalize
métallogénie metalOZeni
métamorphisés metamORfize
métaphorisé metafORize
métaphosphate metafOsfat
métazoaires metazOER
météorites meteORit
méthodistes metOdist
méticuleuse metikyl2z
métrisable metRizabl
métromanie metROmani
mettons mEt1
mettrait mEtRE
meublées m9ble
meurs m9R
meurtres m9RtR
mexicaines mEksikEn
miaulant mjOl@
micellaire misElER
microbiologie mikRObjOlOZi
microchimiques mikROSimik
microfiches mikROfiS
microns mikR1
microorganismes mikROORganism
microsociologique mikROsOsjOlOZik
midis midi
miellée mjEle
mignonnettes miNOnEt
migrant migR@
mijotaient miZOtE
milices milis
militerai militRE
millésimés milezime
millibar milibaR
millimicrons milimikR1
mimé mime
miment mim
minaudeur minOd9R
minaudière minOdjER
minéralisé mineRalize
minéralité mineRalite
mineures min9R
minimal minimal
minimisaient minimizE
minoen minO5
minot minO
minutage minytaZ
miraculeux miRakyl2
mirez miRe
mirliton miRlit1
mironton miR1t1
misant miz@
misée mize
misogyne mizOZin
mistral mistRal
mitards mitaR
mitées mite
mitochondriaux mitOk1dRijO
mitoclasique mitOklazik
mitraillaient mitRajE
mitraillées mitRaje
mnésiques mnezik
mobilisables mObilizabl
mobilités mObilite
modeler mOdle
modèleront mOdElR1
modeleur mOdl9R
modérez mOdeRe
modernités mOdERnite
modificatives mOdifikativ
modifiez mOdifje
modules mOdyl
moineaux mwanO
moines mwan
moisissait mwazisE
moissonnée mwasOne
moitié mwatje
molière mOljER
mollassons mOlas1
mollette mOlEt
moman mOman
momentanée mOm@tane
monacos mOnakO
monceaux m1sO
mondanisaient m1danizE
mongoliennes m1gOljEn
monistes mOnist
monnayable mOnEjabl
monochromatiques mOnOkROmatik
monocle mOnOkl
monogame mOnOgam
monologué mOnOlOge
monologuent mOnOlOg
monoplans mOnOpl@
monopolistiques mOnOpOlistik
monosyllabiques mOnOsilabik
monstrueuses m1stRy2z
montages m1taZ
monte m1t
montés m1te
montmartroises m1maRtRwaz
montoir m1twaR
montres m1tR
montueuse m1t82z
moqueries mOkRi
moqueur mOk9R
moral mORal
moraves mORav
morcifs mORsif
mordillaient mORdijE
mordillera mORdijRa
more mOR
morfalés mORfale
morfondu mORf1dy
morigénée mORiZene
morilles mORij
morphologies mORfOlOZi
mortaiseuse mORtEz2z
mortels mORtEl
morutier mORytje
mosaïsme mOzaism
motardes mOtaRd
motocycles mOtOsikl
moto mOtO
motteux mOt2
moucheron muSR1
mouchetait muStE
mouflets muflE
mouillables mujabl
mouiller muje
moulages mulaZ
moulants mul@
moulinier mulinje
mound mund
mouraient muRE
mourût muRy
moussage musaZ
mousselines muslin
moustériens musteRj5
moutardée mutaRde
moutons mut1
moyenner mwajEne
moyennes mwajEn
mucinase mysinaz
mué m8e
muezzin m8Edzin
muftis myfti
muletière myl*tjER
multidimensionnel myltidim@sjOnEl
multiples myltipl
multipliez myltiplije
multipliions myltiplijj1
municipale mynisipal
munis myni
munitionnaires mynisjOnER
muretins myRt5
mûriers myRje
murmurai myRmyRE
murmurez myRmyRe
mûron myR1
musardant myzaRd@
musardez myzaRde
musculaires myskylER
muséographique myzeOgRafik
muserolle myzROl
musicalement myzikalm@
mussée myse
mutation mytasj1
mutinaient mytinE
mutineries mytinRi
mycéliums miseljOm
mycéniens misenj5
myriades miRjad
myste mist
mystifié mistifje
mytiliculture mitilikyltyR
myxomycètes miksOmisEt
nababs nabab
nageante naZ@t
nagerons naZR1
nais nE
nanosecondes nanOsg1d
nantais n@tE
napoléoniennes napOleOnjEn
narcisses naRsis
narcolepsies naRkOlEpsi
narquoises naRkwaz
narratrice naRatRis
nasard nazaR
nataliste natalist
natation natasj1
nationalisée nasjOnalize
naturalibus natyRalibys
naturalisations natyRalizasj1
naufragé nOfRaZe
nautique nOtik
navarque navaRk
navigueraient navigRE
naviplane naviplan
nazi nazi
nébuleux nebyl2
nécessitées nesesite
nécrologique nekROlOZik
néerlandaise neERl@dEz
nefs nEf
négativement negativm@
négligeaient negliZE
négligés negliZe
négociables negOsjabl
négresses negREs
neigeait nEZE
nénuphar nenyfaR
néo neO
néphrectomie nefREktOmi
néréide neReid
nervins nERv5
nestorien nEstORj5
nettoiement netwam@
nettoyée netwaje
neurasthéniques n2Rastenik
neuromotrice n2ROmOtRis
neutralise n2tRaliz
neveux n*v2
névrogliques nevROglik
niaisement njEzm@
niaouli njauli
nickelé nikle
nictation niktasj1
nierais niRE
nièrent njER
nilpotent nilpOt@
nimba n5ba
niquaient nikE
nitrières nitRijER
nitrifier nitRifje
nivelés nivle
noce nOs
nodule nOdyl
noeud n2
noircissaient nwaRsisE
nolonté nOl1te
nomadisant nOmadiz@
nominative nOminativ
nommées nOme
nommerais nOmRE
nonobstant nOnOpst@
noosphères nOOsfER
normalienne nORmaljEn
normativiste nORmativist
norme nORm
notai nOtE
notations nOtasj1
noté nOte
notes nOt
notonecte nOtOnEkt
nouée nwe
nouerait nuRE
nourricières nuRisjER
nourrie nuRi
nourriture nuRityR
novatrice nOvatRis
noyautée nwajOte
noyé nwaje
nuancez n8@se
nucléolaires nykleOlER
nucléole nykleOl
nuirait n8iRE
nuitées n8ite
nulles nyl
numériquement nymeRikm@
numérote nymeROt
nuptiaux nypsjO
nymphettes n5fEt
nymphomanie n5fOmani
obéi Obei
obéissantes Obeis@t
obéissions Obeisj1
objecta ObZEkta
objecte ObZEkt
objectivent ObZEktiv
obligatoire ObligatwaR
obligatoires ObligatwaR
obligèrent ObliZER
obliquèrent OblikER
oblitérèrent ObliteRER
obscurcie OpskyRsi
obscurcissant OpskyRsis@
obsédantes Opsed@t
obséquieux Opsekj2
observai OpsERvE
observions OpsERvj1
obstinai OpstinE
obstinons Opstin1
obstruait OpstRyE
obtenons Opt*n1
obturateurs OptyRat9R
obturations OptyRasj1
occasionnelle OkazjOnEl
occasionnés OkazjOne
occiput Oksipyt
occulté Okylte
occupa Okypa
occupes Okyp
ocreux OkR2
octal Oktal
octosyllabes OktOsilab
octroyé OktRwaje
ocytocine OsitOsin
odieuses Odj2z
odorantes OdOR@t
oedème edEm
oesophages ezOfaZ
oesophagiennes ezOfaZjEn
offensais Of@sE
offensifs Of@sif
offertoire OfERtwaR
officiera OfisiRa
officinale Ofisinal
offrez OfRe
offusquant Ofysk@
offusque Ofysk
oies wa
oiseau wazO
oiselle wazEl
oléoducs OleOdyk
oléomètre OleOmEtR
oligarchiques OligaRSik
oligopoleurs OligOpOl9R
olivier Olivje
ombragées 1bRaZe
omets OmE
omettons OmEt1
omnium OmnjOm
onanismes Onanism
onctueux 1kt82
ondulation 1dylasj1
ondulatoires 1dylatwaR
onguents 1g@
ontogénique 1tOZenik
ontologiques 1tOlOZik
opalescent Opales@
opérable OpeRabl
opératoires OpeRatwaR
opes Op
ophtalmologistes OftalmOlOZist
opisthobranches OpistObR@S
opossum OpOsOm
opposant OpOz@
opposé OpOze
oppressa OpResa
opprimer OpRime
opte Opt
optimal Optimal
opulents Opyl@
orageuse ORaZ2z
orageux ORaZ2
orateur ORat9R
orbitant ORbit@
orchestrales ORkEstRal
ordinale ORdinal
ordonnable ORdOnabl
ordonne ORdOn
oreiller OReje
orémus ORemys
organisai ORganizE
organiseraient ORganizRE
organismes ORganism
orgiaque ORZjak
orgueils ORg9j
orientateurs ORj@tat9R
originaires ORiZinER
originale ORiZinal
orlon ORl1
ornementations ORn*m@tasj1
ornementés ORn*m@te
orogénie OROZeni
orphique ORfik
orthicon ORtik1
orthonormaux ORtOnORmO
orthophonistes ORtOfOnist
oscillatoires OsilatwaR
oscillera OsilRa
oseront OzR1
osmotique OsmOtik
ossifications Osifikasj1
ostéophytose OsteOfitOz
ostracisme OstRasism
ostréiculteur OstReikylt9R
ôterons OtR1
ottomanes OtOman
ouah wa
oublias ublija
oubliettes ublijEt
oublié ublije
ourdies uRdi
ourdisseur uRdis9R
ours uRs
outputs awtput
outra utRa
outrecuidant utR*k8id@
outrés utRe
où u
ouvrabilité uvRabilite
ouvrions uvRij1
ouvririez uvRiRje
ouzbek uzbEk
ovarienne OvaRjEn
ovariennes OvaRjEn
ovoïdal OvOidal
oxydante Oksid@t
oxydes Oksid
pachyderme paSidERm
pacifier pasifje
pactisions paktizj1
pactole paktOl
pagayer pageje
pagus pagys
paiement pEm@
pailles paj
paillotte pajOt
paisible pezibl
palan pal@
palanquins pal@k5
paléontologie pale1tOlOZi
paléontologiques pale1tOlOZik
palestiniennes palEstinjEn
palissadé palisade
palissade palisad
pâlissant palis@
pâlissions palisj1
palmaire palmER
palmiste palmist
palourdes paluRd
palpitements palpitm@
palplanches palpl@S
paludéens palyde5
panachages panaSaZ
panamas panama
pancartes p@kaRt
panégyriques paneZiRik
pangermanisme p@ZERmanism
paniqua panika
pankas p@ka
panouilles panuj
pansés p@se
pantes p@t
panthéon p@te1
papales papal
paperasserie papRasRi
papillonnaient papijOnE
papillonnant papijOn@
papotaient papOtE
papyrologues papiROlOg
pâquerette pakREt
paquetage paktaZ
parachutisme paRaSytism
paraclet paRaklE
paradigmatiques paRadigmatik
parafoudre paRafudR
parages paRaZ
parallactique paRalaktik
paralysais paRalizE
paralysants paRaliz@
paramédicale paRamedikal
paranoïaque paRanOjak
paraphrasait paRafRazE
parasitait paRazitE
parasites paRazit
paravent paRav@
parcheminée paRS*mine
parchemineuse paRS*min2z
parcouru paRkuRy
pardonnais paRdOnE
pardonnerez paRdOnRe
parentale paR@tal
parentèle paR@tEl
paréo paReO
paresseux paREs2
parfumera paRfymRa
parfumerie paRfymRi
pariétal paRjetal
parigot paRigO
parking paRkiG
parlementent paRl*m@t
parleraient paRl*RE
parloirs paRlwaR
parodiait paROdjE
parodiant paROdj@
parotidectomie paROtidEktOmi
parque paRk
parquets paRkE
parsi paRsi
partageait paRtaZE
partageuse paRtaZ2z
parthénogénèse paRtenOZenEz
participeras paRtisipRa
particularisé paRtikylaRize
particule paRtikyl
parti paRti
partis paRti
partitive paRtitiv
partys paRti
parviendraient paRvj5dRE
parviendrions paRvj5dRij1
passables pasabl
passage pasaZ
passementière pasm@tjER
passerelles pasREl
passibles pasibl
passionnèrent pasjOnER
passive pasiv
pastel pastEl
pastorales pastORal
pastoral pastORal
pataude patOd
pataugions patOZj1
patelles patEl
pathogénie patOZeni
pathologistes patOlOZist
patienter pasj@te
patineuse patin2z
pâtisseries patisRi
pâtissier patisje
patriarcat patRijaRka
patrimonial patRimOnjal
patriotes patRijOt
patrons patR1
patrouiller patRuje
pattus paty
paumées pOme
paupiettes pOpjEt
pavanait pavanE
pavillons pavij1
pavoisa pavwaza
payants pEj@
payeras pejRa
paysagiste peizaZist
péagiste peaZist
peauciers pOsje
peaufiner pOfine
pèchent pES
pêcherie pESRi
pectoraux pEktORO
pécune pekyn
pédagogiques pedagOZik
pédalo pedalO
pédogenèse pedOZ*nEz
pédologie pedOlOZi
peignés peNe
peignoir pENwaR
peint p5
peinturlurées p5tyRlyRe
péjoratifs peZORatif
pelagos pelagOs
pelé p*le
pelés p*le
pellette pElEt
pellicule pelikyl
pelotonnaient p*lOtOnE
pélots pelO
pénaliser penalize
pencherions p@S*Rj1
pendaient p@dE
pendent p@d
pendulaire p@dylER
pénétrables penetRabl
pénétrée penetRe
pénétrées penetRe
péninsule pen5syl
pénitentiaire penit@sjER
penne pEn
pensera p@sRa
pensionnées p@sjOne
pensionné p@sjOne
pentatoniques p5tatOnik
pépères pepER
peppermint pEpERmint
peptones pEptOn
perceurs pERs9R
percevoir pERs*vwaR
perchis pERSi
perçoit pERswa
percutante pERkyt@t
percutantes pERkyt@t
perdions pERdj1
perdrons pERdR1
perdurait pERdyRE
pérennisation peREnizasj1
perfectionnisme pERfEksjOnism
perfides pERfid
perforer pERfORe
périanthe peRj@t
périe peRi
périlleuses peRij2z
périodique peRjOdik
périrait peRiRE
périrons peRiR1
périt peRi
perlières pERljER
perlimpinpin pERl5p5p5
permanentés pERman@te
perméable pERmeabl
permettrez pERmEtRe
permirent pERmiR
pérore peROR
peroxyde pEROksid
perpétration pERpetRasj1
perpétués pERpet8e
perquisitionné pERkizisjOne
persécutant pERsekyt@
perses pERs
persévérai pERseveRE
persistant pERsist@
persiste pERsist
personnalisée pERsOnalize
personnifications pERsOnifikasj1
perspicace pERspikas
persuasive pERs8aziv
pertuisane pERt8izan
perturbaient pERtyRbE
péruvien peRyvj5
perverties pERvERti
pesa p*za
pèserai pEzRE
pestais pestE
pestez peste
pétaradante petaRad@t
pétasse petas
pétillantes petij@t
pet pE
pétrel petREl
pétrifiaient petRifjE
pétris petRi
pétrolières petROljER
pétroliers petROlje
peuple p9pl
pfennig pfenig
phalangine fal@Zin
phallocrate falOkRat
pharisaïsmes faRizaism
pharmaciens faRmasj5
pharyngites faR5Zit
phénoméniste fenOmenist
phényle fenil
philippines filipin
philippique filipik
philosophes filOzOf
phlébotomes flebOtOm
phoebus febys
phonème fOnEm
phosphagène fOsfaZEn
phosphorescences fOsfORes@s
photocolorimètre fOtOkOlORimEtR
photoconductrice fOtOk1dyktRis
photographies fOtOgRafi
photomètre fOtOmEtR
photométriques fOtOmetRik
photothèques fOtOtEk
phraseur fRaz9R
phryné fRine
phylloxéra filOkseRa
phylogénétiques filOZenetik
physiogènes fizjOZEn
phytopathologistes fitOpatOlOZist
phytosociologie fitOsOsjOlOZi
piaffantes pjaf@t
piaillèrent pjajER
piano pjanO
piaule pjOl
picker pike
pickle pik9l
picot pikO
pictogrammes piktOgRam
pidgin pidZin
piérides pjeRid
piètement pjEtm@
piétiner pjetine
piétinés pjetine
piètre pjEtR
pieutes pj2t
piffre pifR
pigé piZe
piger piZe
pila pila
pilée pile
pillarde pijaRd
pilonnait pilOnE
pilonnés pilOne
pimenté pim@te
pinard pinaR
pinçant p5s@
pineraies pinRE
pingouins p5gw5
piochées pjOSe
pionce pj1s
pipelettes piplEt
pipiers pipje
piquante pik@t
piqueuses pik2z
piquions pikj1
pirates piRat
pisciculture pisikyltyR
piscines pisin
pissotière pisOtjER
pistent pist
pistoleurs pistOl9R
pitonnage pitOnaZ
pitre pitR
pivotant pivOt@
plaçait plasE
placardés plakaRde
placentaires plas5tER
placeuse plas2z
plafonnées plafOne
plaidée plede
plaiderait plEdRE
plaignants plEN@
plaintive pl5tiv
plairez plERe
plaisantent plEz@t
plaisons plEz1
plana plana
planerait planRE
planimétrie planimetRi
planoirs planwaR
plantains pl@t5
planterait pl@tRE
plantule pl@tyl
plaquaient plakE
plaque plak
plasmocytes plasmOsit
plastiquement plastikm@
plastoc plastOk
platinées platine
platyrrhiniens platiRinj5
plébisciterait plebisitRE
plébiscites plebisit
pleure pl9R
pleurerait pl9RRE
pleurniche pl9RniS
pleut pl2
pleutres pl2tR
plier plije
plis pli
plisseront plisR1
plombaient pl1bE
plombes pl1b
plongement pl1Zm@
plotinien plOtinj5
plot plO
pluies pl8i
plumé plyme
plumets plymE
plurilatéraux plyRilateRO
plusse plys
pluviomètres plyvjOmEtR
pneuma pn2ma
pochade pOSad
poches pOS
poêle pwal
poétisent pOetiz
pogne pON
poignantes pwaN@t
poigne pwaN
poinçonné pw5sOne
poinçonner pw5sOne
pointage pw5taZ
pointaient pw5tE
pointillisme pw5tijism
poises pwaz
poisseux pwas2
poitevin pwatv5
poivré pwavRe
poivrons pwavR1
polarisait pOlaRizE
polder pOldER
polémiste pOlemist
pôle pOl
police pOlis
polissage pOlisaZ
polissonnes pOlisOn
politicologues pOlitikOlOg
polluante pOl8@t
pollueurs pOl89R
polyacrylates pOljakRilat
polyclinique pOliklinik
polycopiait pOlikOpjE
polygone pOligOn
polymères pOlimER
polynucléaire pOlinykleER
polypétales pOlipetal
polyploïdie pOliplOidi
polythermes pOlitERm
pommé pOme
pompette p1pEt
pompions p1pj1
ponant pOn@
ponction p1ksj1
ponctuelles p1kt8El
pondraient p1dRE
pondra p1dRa
poneys pOnE
pontificat p1tifika
ponton p1t1
populairement pOpylERm@
populationnisme pOpylasjOnism
poquettes pOkEt
pornographiques pORnOgRafik
porphyres pORfiR
portants pORt@
portées pORte
porterons pORtR1
porteuse pORt2z
portraiturée pORtRetyRe
posera pOzRa
positive pOzitiv
positivité pOzitivite
possédez pOsede
possédons pOsed1
possible pOsibl
postérieur pOsteRj9R
posters pOstER
postillonnante pOstijOn@t
postposition pOstpOzisj1
posturales pOstyRal
potage pOtaZ
potencé pOt@se
potences pOt@s
potines pOtin
pouces pus
poudrant pudR@
pouffa pufa
pouffer pufe
pouilleuses puj2z
poulie puli
poulies puli
pouponnières pupOnjER
pourchassées puRSase
pourchasser puRSase
pourpré puRpRe
pourri puRi
pourrissait puRisE
poursuivez puRs8ive
poursuivies puRs8ivi
pourvoira puRvwaRa
poussahs pusa
poussas pusa
poussât pusa
poussins pus5
pouvaient puvE
pralinés pRaline
pratiques pRatik
pratiquons pRatik1
préapprentissage pReapR@tisaZ
précaires pRekER
précédée pResede
prêchait pRESE
prêchée pReSe
précipice pResipis
précipitations pResipitasj1
précipitons pResipit1
précisez pResize
précision pResizj1
préconceptions pRek1sEpsj1
précontraintes pRek1tR5t
précordiales pRekORdjal
prédestinations pRedEstinasj1
prédicative pRedikativ
prédit pRedi
prédominaient pRedOminE
préemption pRe@psj1
préfaçant pRefas@
préfacier pRefasje
préférence pRefeR@s
préfère pRefER
préfixe pRefiks
préglaciaires pReglasjER
préhenseurs pRe@s9R
préjudicielles pReZydisjEl
prélats pRela
prélevaient pRel*vE
prélève pRelEv
prémolaire pRemOlER
prémunirai pRemyniRE
prendrait pR@dRE
prenne pREn
prénomment pRenOm
prénuptiale pRenypsjal
préoccupez pReOkype
préparent pRepaR
préparer pRepaRe
prépositions pRepOzisj1
préromantisme pReROm@tism
présages pRezaZ
presbytériennes pREsbiteRjEn
présenterai pRez@tRE
présentiez pRez@tje
préservatif pRezERvatif
présidentiables pRezid@sjabl
présidentiel pRezid@sjEl
présomptions pRez1psj1
pressai pREsE
pressants pREs@
pressentis pRes@ti
pressuraient pResyRE
pressure pResyR
prestige pREstiZ
présumés pRezyme
présupposée pResypOze
prétendras pRet@dRa
prétentaines pRet@tEn
prétexte pRetEkst
prêtez pREte
prêtre pREtR
prévaudra pRevOdRa
prévaut pRevO
prévenus pRevny
prévisionnel pRevizjOnEl
prévisions pRevizj1
prévôté pRevOte
priapiques pRijapik
priât pRija
prierais pRiRE
primerait pRimRE
primeuristes pRim9Rist
primordiaux pRimORdjO
princières pR5sjER
prismatiques pRismatik
privai pRivE
privations pRivasj1
privilégiées pRivileZje
probant pROb@
procède pROsEd
procédions pROsedj1
processionnelle pROsesjOnEl
processionnelles pROsesjOnEl
proclameraient pROklamRE
procréant pROkRe@
procréent pROkRe
procureurs pROkyR9R
prodigue pROdig
prodiguerais pROdigRE
productrice pROdyktRis
produits pROd8i
profanait pROfanE
proféra pROfeRa
professée pROfEse
profession pROfEsj1
profilé pROfile
profiteur pROfit9R
profitons pROfit1
programmateur pROgRamat9R
programmations pROgRamasj1
progression pROgResj1
prohiba pROiba
prohibé pROibe
projetons pROZt1
projettes pROZEt
prolifération pROlifeRasj1
prolongeraient pROl1ZRE
prolongerait pROl1ZRE
promenais pROmnE
promenés pROmne
promettent pROmEt
promoteurs pROmOt9R
promouvoir pROmuvwaR
promulguèrent pROmylgER
pronation pROnasj1
prôneur pROn9R
pronom pROn1
prononçables pROn1sabl
propagateur pROpagat9R
propageant pROpaZ@
prophétisaient pROfetizE
prophétisé pROfetize
proportionnelles pROpORsjOnEl
proposerons pROpOzR1
proposez pROpOze
proprios pROpRijO
propulsés pROpylse
prorata pRORata
proscrivaient pROskRivE
prosodique pROzOdik
prospectif pROspEktif
prosterna pROstERna
prosternation pROstERnasj1
prostitution pROstitysj1
protéase pROteaz
protecteur pROtEkt9R
protectionnismes pROtEksjOnism
protégée pROteZe
protestera pROtEstRa
prothorax pROtORaks
protocolaires pROtOkOlER
protubérantes pROtybeR@t
prouesse pRuEs
proustien pRustj5
provenait pROvnE
providentiel pROvid@sjEl
provient pROvj5
provocant pROvOk@
provocatrices pROvOkatRis
provoquons pROvOk1
prudence pRyd@s
prurits pRyRit
psaume psOm
pseudo ps2dO
psychanalystes psikanalist
psyché psiSe
psychiques psiSik
psychogène psikOZEn
psychométriques psikOmetRik
psychopathique psikOpatik
psychosique psikOzik
psychromètre psikROmEtR
pubertaire pybERtER
publicain pyblik5
publics pyblik
puceau pysO
pucher pySe
pudiquement pydikm@
puérilités p8eRilite
puisatier p8izatje
puisée p8ize
pulluleront pylylR1
pulpes pylp
pulvérisateur pylveRizat9R
pulvériseur pylveRiz9R
punaisé pynEze
punissions pynisj1
punitif pynitif
purgation pyRgasj1
purifiante pyRifj@t
purificatrice pyRifikatRis
purpuras pyRpyRa
purulents pyRyl@
pustuleux pystyl2
putréfiaient pytRefjE
putréfier pytRefje
pyrale piRal
pyramidaux piRamidO
pyrophosphate piROfOsfat
pyrrhonisme piROnism
pythagoriciens pitagORisj5
quadrant kwadR@
quadrillé kadRije
quadrimoteur kwadRimOt9R
quadruples kwadRupl
qualifie kalifi
qualifier kalifje
quantificateurs k@tifikat9R
quantum kw@tOm
quarrez kaRe
quasi kazi
quatorzième katORzjEm
quémandait kem@dE
quenelles k*nEl
questionnais kEstjOnE
quêté kete
queute k2t
quiescent kjEs@
quiète kjEt
quille kij
quinquennale k85k8enal
quintal k5tal
quintuple k5typl
quittas kita
quitte kit
quotients kOsj@
rabaissement RabEsm@
rabattait RabatE
rabbiniques Rabinik
rabelaisien RablEzj5
raboteux RabOt2
rabrouai RabRuE
rabrouer RabRue
raccommodait RakOmOdE
raccompagna Rak1paNa
raccompagnez Rak1paNe
raccourcis RakuRsi
raccourcissent RakuRsis
raccrochées RakROSe
rachidienne RaSidjEn
rachis RaSis
racisme Rasism
raclée Rakle
racler Rakle
raconte Rak1t
raconteras Rak1tRa
racornissait RakORnisE
radialement Radjalm@
radiale Radjal
radiculaires RadikylER
radinerie RadinRi
radioactives RadjOaktiv
radiographie RadjOgRafi
radioisotopes RadjOizOtOp
radiophonie RadjOfOni
radiotéléphonie RadjOtelefOni
radiotéléphonique RadjOtelefOnik
radoteries RadOtRi
radoucissement Radusism@
raffermir RafERmiR
raffolaient RafOlE
raffuts Rafy
raflaient RaflE
rafraîchissants RafReSis@
rafraîchissements RafReSism@
rager RaZe
ragoûts Ragu
raguse Ragyz
raids REd
railler Raje
rain R5
raisonnantes REzOn@t
raisonnent REzOn
rajeunies RaZ9ni
rajoutait RaZutE
rajouter RaZute
râlaient RalE
râlai RalE
ralenties Ral@ti
ralentissent Ral@tis
ralliais RaljE
rallonges Ral1Z
rallumait RalymE
ramagés RamaZe
ramasses Ramas
ramasseurs Ramas9R
ramené Ramne
rame Ram
rameur Ram9R
ramifié Ramifje
ramolli RamOli
ramonent RamOn
ramponne R@pOn
ranatres RanatR
rancis R@si
rancuneuse R@kyn2z
rangeras R@ZRa
rangèrent R@ZER
ranimée Ranime
rapatriement RapatRim@
rapatrient RapatRi
râperie RapRi
rapetissée Raptise
rapiécés Rapjese
rapière RapjER
rappelles RapEl
rapplique Raplik
rapportant RapORt@
rappris RapRi
rapprochais RapROSE
rapprochés RapROSe
raréfiait RaRefjE
rarissimement RaRisimm@
raserai RazRE
rasoirs RazwaR
rassasiée Rasazje
rassemblée Ras@ble
rassérénai RaseRenE
rassérénant RaseRen@
rasseyait RasEjE
rassurais RasyRE
ratatinaient RatatinE
rater Rate
ratiboises Ratibwaz
ratiociner RasjOsine
rationalise RasjOnaliz
rationnelles RasjOnEl
ratonnades RatOnad
ratonnent RatOn
rattrapa RatRapa
rattrapées RatRape
rattraperons RatRapR1
ravageaient RavaZE
ravageurs RavaZ9R
ravaleront RavalR1
ravigote RavigOt
ravin Rav5
ravissait RavisE
ravitaillent Ravitaj
ravitaillé Ravitaje
rayez Reje
rayonnants REjOn@
rays RE
réabsorber ReapsORbe
réactive Reaktiv
réadaptait ReadaptE
réagir ReaZiR
réajustements ReaZyst*m@
réajustent ReaZyst
réaliseront RealizR1
réaménagèrent ReamenaZER
réamorcent ReamORs
réapparue ReapaRy
réapprendraient ReapR@dRE
réarmer ReaRme
rebaptisées R*batize
rebaptiser R*batize
rebellais R*bElE
rebiquer R*bike
reboire R*bwaR
rebondissons R*b1dis1
rebouchant R*buS@
reboutonnaient R*butOnE
rebroussâmes R*bRusam
rebroussées R*bRuse
rebutée R*byte
récalcitrantes RekalsitR@t
recaler R*kale
recalés R*kale
récapitulai RekapitylE
recédée R*sede
recenses R*s@s
récents Res@
réceptivité ResEptivite
récessions Resesj1
recevabilité R*s*vabilite
recevions R*s*vj1
rechargeais R*SaRZE
recharges R*SaRZ
réchauffent ReSOf
réchauffés ReSOfe
rechercherai R*SERS*RE
rechignées R*SiNe
rechuta R*Syta
récif Resif
récitation Resitasj1
récitera ResitRa
réclamations Reklamasj1
réclusionnaires ReklyzjOnER
recoiffai R*kwafE
reçoive R*swav
recoller R*kOle
récolta RekOlta
recombinerait R*k1binRE
recommandèrent R*kOm@dER
recommença R*kOm@sa
recommencer R*kOm@se
récompenser Rek1p@se
recomptais R*k1tE
réconciliateur Rek1siljat9R
réconcilions Rek1silj1
reconduits R*k1d8i
reconnaîtriez R*kOnEtRije
reconnaît R*kOnE
reconquérir R*k1keRiR
reconstituables R*k1stit8abl
reconstitutions R*k1stitysj1
reconversion R*k1vERsj1
reconverti R*k1vERti
recopiée R*kOpje
recouchés R*kuSe
recouds R*ku
recourber R*kuRbe
recourt R*kuR
recouverte R*kuvERt
recouvrées R*kuvRe
recouvrons R*kuvR1
récréatives RekReativ
recrépis R*kRepi
récriaient RekRijE
récriminait RekRiminE
recroquevilla R*kROkvija
recrutant R*kRyt@
recruter R*kRyte
recteur REkt9R
rectifiera REktifiRa
rectoscope REktOskOp
recueillaient R*k9jE
recueillons R*k9j1
reculerait R*kylRE
reculez R*kyle
récupérèrent RekypeRER
récupérons RekypeR1
récusaient RekyzE
rédacteurs Redakt9R
redécouvrirent R*dekuvRiR
redécouvriront R*dekuvRiR1
redemanda R*dm@da
redemandât R*dm@da
rédemptrice Red@ptRis
redescente R*des@t
redessinée R*desine
redeviendra R*dvj5dRa
rédimaient RedimE
redirons R*diR1
rediront R*diR1
redondant R*d1d@
redonnât R*dOna
redoubla R*dubla
redoutait R*dutE
redoutez R*dute
redressent R*dREs
réductibilité Redyktibilite
réduisait Red8izE
réécrira ReekRiRa
réédita Reedita
réélus Reely
réemployer Re@plwaje
rééquilibre ReekilibR
réessayant Reesej@
réexpédiées ReEkspedje
refaisions R*f*zj1
référaient RefeRE
refermai R*fERmE
referment R*fERm
refiles R*fil
réfléchirez RefleSiRe
réfléchisse RefleSis
réflecteur ReflEkt9R
refleurira R*fl9RiRa
reflué R*flye
refondus R*f1dy
refontes R*f1t
réforment RefORm
refouillements R*fujm@
refourgue R*fuRg
refoutait R*futE
réfrangibilité RefR@Zibilite
réfrigèrent RefRiZER
refroidissez R*fRwadise
refuges R*fyZ
réfugierais RefyZiRE
refuseraient R*fyzRE
réfuté Refyte
regagnerais R*gaNRE
regagne R*gaN
régalade Regalad
régaleras RegalRa
regardait R*gaRdE
regardèrent R*gaRdER
regardons R*gaRd1
régates Regat
régionales ReZjOnal
régionalismes ReZjOnalism
registres R*ZistR
réglable Reglabl
réglementée Regl*m@te
réglerai Regl*RE
règle REgl
régnante ReN@t
régné ReNe
regorgé R*gORZe
regréaient R*gReE
régressives RegResiv
regrettablement R*gREtabl*m@
regrettées R*gRete
regrimper R*gR5pe
régulés Regyle
régulière RegyljER
réhabilitait ReabilitE
réifiée Reifje
réimagine ReimaZin
réincorporé Re5kORpORe
reine REn
reinette REnEt
réinstallons Re5stal1
réintégrés Re5tegRe
réinterprétée Re5tERpRete
réinventer Re5v@te
réitération ReiteRasj1
rejeton R*Zt1
rejoignais R*ZwaNE
rejoignissent R*ZwaNis
rejouent R*Zu
réjouissants ReZwis@
réjouisse ReZwis
relâcha R*laSa
relaiera R*lERa
relançant R*l@s@
relativisant R*lativiz@
relaxez R*lakse
relayées R*leje
relègue R*lEg
relevaient R*lvE
relèveraient R*lEvRE
reliera R*liRa
religions R*liZj1
reliront R*liR1
relue R*ly
relui R*l8i
remâchant R*maS@
remailler R*maje
remaniera R*maniRa
remarie R*maRi
remarqueras R*maRkRa
remarques R*maRk
rembarquement R@baRk*m@
rembobine R@bObin
rembourraient R@buRE
remboursez R@buRse
rembrunit R@bRyni
remèdes R*mEd
remémore R*memOR
remerciant R*mERsij@
remettent R*mEt
remettra R*mEtRa
remiser R*mize
remodelées R*mOdle
remodèlent R*mOdEl
remontoir R*m1twaR
remontres R*m1tR
remorqua R*mORka
rempaquetés R@pakte
rempiler R@pile
remplacez R@plase
remplirons R@pliR1
rempliront R@pliR1
remportai R@pORtE
remportés R@pORte
remuants R*m8@
rémunérant RemyneR@
renâcler R*nakle
renaudais R*nOdE
renaudait R*nOdE
rénaux RenO
renchéri R@SeRi
rencontra R@k1tRa
rencontrent R@k1tR
rende R@d
rendit R@di
rendort R@dOR
renfermerait R@fERm*RE
renfermé R@fERme
renflouée R@flue
renforcées R@fORse
renforcerons R@fORs*R1
rengager R@gaZe
rengorgea R@gORZa
renia R*nja
reniflent R*nifl
renifleur R*nifl9R
renonçais R*n1sE
renonçasse R*n1sas
renoncer R*n1se
renouvelée R*nuvle
renouvelez R*nuvle
rénovatrice RenOvatRis
renseignait R@sENE
rentables R@tabl
rentoilages R@twalaZ
rentreriez R@tR*Rje
renversai R@vERsE
renversais R@vERsE
renvidés R@vide
renvoyé R@vwaje
réorganisation ReORganizasj1
réorganisé ReORganize
répandent Rep@d
reparaissons R*paREs1
réparatrice RepaRatRis
répare RepaR
reparla R*paRla
repars R*paR
répartissons RepaRtis1
repartons R*paRt1
repasses R*pas
repêchera R*pESRa
repeigna R*pENa
repeindre R*p5dR
repentance R*p@t@s
repentira R*p@tiRa
répercutera RepERkytRa
répercutés RepERkyte
reperdu R*pERdy
repérons R*peR1
répéterai RepetRE
repiqué R*pike
replaçaient R*plasE
replace R*plas
replâtra R*platRa
repliées R*plije
repliez R*plije
répondiez Rep1dje
répond Rep1
réponds Rep1
reportons R*pORt1
report R*pOR
reposes R*pOz
reposoirs R*pOzwaR
repoussera R*pusRa
reprendra R*pR@dRa
reprendras R*pR@dRa
représente R*pRez@t
réprimerait RepRimRE
réprime RepRim
reprisées R*pRize
reprocherai R*pROSRE
reprochèrent R*pROSER
reproduisirent R*pROd8iziR
reproduites R*pROd8it
réprouvé RepRuve
reptile REptil
reptilienne REptiljEn
répudies Repydi
répugna RepyNa
répulsions Repylsj1
réputées Repyte
requête R*kEt
requiems Rek8ijEm
réquisitionne RekizisjOn
réquisition Rekizisj1
rescision Resizj1
réservation RezERvasj1
réservés RezERve
résidait RezidE
résigna ReziNa
résignes ReziN
résiliation Reziljasj1
résistants Rezist@
résisterais RezistRE
résolument RezOlym@
résonnait RezOnE
résonnante RezOn@t
résorcine RezORsin
respecteraient REspEktRE
respira REspiRa
respirèrent REspiRER
respir REspiR
resplendissent REspl@dis
resquillaient REskijE
ressassais R*sasE
ressassions R*sasj1
ressemble R*s@bl
ressentaient R*s@tE
ressent R*s@
resserra R*sERa
resserrés R*seRe
resservis R*sERvi
ressortissants R*sORtis@
ressoudée R*sude
ressouviens R*suvj5
ressusciterait ResysitRE
ressusciterons ResysitR1
restantes REst@t
restaurée REstORe
restera REstRa
restituons REstit81
restreignait REstRENE
restrictifs REstRiktif
résultassent Rezyltas
résultèrent RezyltER
resurgiront R*syRZiR1
resurgisse R*syRZis
résurrection RezyREksj1
rétablira RetabliRa
rétame Retam
retapissent R*tapis
retardent R*taRd
retarderaient R*taRd*RE
retenons R*tn1
retentissement R*t@tism@
retiendraient R*tj5dRE
rétine Retin
retireras R*tiRRa
retiriez R*tiRje
retombe R*t1b
retors R*tOR
retoucha R*tuSa
retournât R*tuRna
retourner R*tuRne
retracerai R*tRasRE
rétractations RetRaktasj1
retranchait R*tR@SE
retrancherais R*tR@SRE
retransmise R*tR@smiz
rétrécie RetResi
retreinte R*tR5t
rétribuée RetRib8e
rétroactivité RetROaktivite
rétrospectif RetROspEktif
retrouvais R*tRuvE
retrouvés R*tRuve
retrouviez R*tRuvje
réunification Reynifikasj1
réussies Reysi
réussira ReysiRa
réutilisables Reytilizabl
rêvai REvE
revaudrai R*vOdRE
réveillerez RevEjRe
réveillions RevEjj1
révélait RevelE
revendant R*v@d@
revendiqua R*v@dika
revends R*v@
revendue R*v@dy
réverbérants RevERbeR@
révérencieuse ReveR@sj2z
révèrent RevER
rêverions REv*Rj1
reverni R*vERni
reversée R*vERse
revêtira R*vEtiRa
rêveur REv9R
reviendra R*vj5dRa
revint R*v5
révisaient RevizE
révisée Revize
revisse R*vis
revivifié R*vivifje
révoltés RevOlte
révolus RevOly
révoquiez RevOkje
revoyait R*vwajE
revoyons R*vwaj1
rez Re
rhapsodie RapsOdi
rhétoriqueurs RetORik9R
rhizomes RizOm
rhododendron ROdOd5dR1
rhumatologue RymatOlOg
rhumes Rym
ribosomes RibOzOm
ribote RibOt
ricaneur Rikan9R
richissime RiSisim
ricocher RikOSe
ridiculisera RidikylizRa
ridules Ridyl
riff Rif
rigolait RigOlE
rigolant RigOl@
rigoristes RigORist
rimante Rim@t
rimions Rimj1
rings RiG
ripa Ripa
ripolinée RipOline
rirent RiR
rires RiR
risqueras RiskRa
rissoler RisOle
ristourner RistuRne
rituels Rit8El
rivalisant Rivaliz@
riveraines RivREn
rizière RizjER
roadster ROdst9R
roboratif RObORatif
rocailleux ROkaj2
rochas ROSa
rodait ROdE
rôderait ROdRE
roentgen R9ntgEn
rognent RON
roitelet RwatlE
rollet ROlE
romanesque ROmanEsk
rompais R1pE
rompent R1p
ronchon R1S1
ronda R1da
rondes R1d
ronéotyper ROneOtipe
ronéotypés ROneOtipe
ronfleuse R1fl2z
ronge R1Z
rongez R1Ze
rosas ROza
rosée ROze
rosicruciens ROzikRysj5
rosit ROzi
rotant ROt@
roténone ROtenOn
roteuse ROt2z
rôtie ROti
rôtissoire ROtiswaR
roucoulement Rukulm@
roueries RuRi
rougeaude RuZOd
rougies RuZi
rougissait RuZisE
rouillarde RujaRd
roulants Rul@
rouleau RulO
roulons Rul1
round Rund
roupillais RupijE
rouspétait RuspetE
rousselet RuslE
roussis Rusi
routières RutjER
routinière RutinjER
rouvris RuvRi
royauté RwajOte
rua R8a
ruche RyS
rudiment Rydim@
rudoyèrent RydwajER
ruèrent R8ER
rugissement RyZism@
rugueuse Ryg2z
ruinât R8ina
ruisselé R8isle
rumbas Rumba
ruolz R8Ols
ruralité RyRalite
ruserai RyzRE
rusés Ryze
rustique Rystik
sablerais sabl*RE
sablière sablijER
sabordés sabORde
saboulés sabule
sabra sabRa
saccadées sakade
saccagées sakaZe
sacerdoce sasERdOs
sacralisant sakRaliz@
sacramentaire sakRam@tER
sacrifiant sakRifj@
sacrilèges sakRilEZ
sacripant sakRip@
sados sadO
sagesse saZEs
sagoutier sagutje
saignez sENe
saillent saj
sains s5
saisissais sezisE
saisissante sezis@t
salacité salasite
salants sal@
salariaux salaRjO
salés sale
salicylés salisile
salique salik
salissures salisyR
salomé salOme
salonnards salOnaR
salopées salOpe
saluait sal8E
saluâmes sal8am
salubrement salybR*m@
samedi samdi
sanctifiez s@ktifje
sanctionnaient s@ksjOnE
sandalier s@dalje
sanglotais s@glOtE
sanglotant s@glOt@
sanhédrin sanedR5
santiags s@tjag
saoulant sul@
sapée sape
saphir safiR
sapines sapin
sarclé saRkle
sardonyx saRdOniks
sarriette saRjEt
sartrienne saRtRjEn
satinés satine
satisfaire satisfER
satisferaient satisfRE
saturnine satyRnin
saturons satyR1
saucissons sOsis1
saumons sOm1
saumures sOmyR
saurais sORE
sauris sORi
sautante sOt@t
sautillais sOtijE
sautillantes sOtij@t
sauvageon sOvaZ1
sauvâmes sOvam
sauvegardât sOvgaRda
sauvegarderaient sOvgaRd*RE
savanes savan
savater savate
savonnes savOn
savonnier savOnje
savourions savuRj1
saye saj
sayon sEj1
scandaleuse sk@dal2z
scandalisèrent sk@dalizER
scandinaves sk@dinav
scarlatines skaRlatin
scatologue skatOlOg
scellé sele
schématique Sematik
schématismes Sematism
schizogenèse skizOZ*nEz
schizo skizO
schnitzel SnitzEl
sciera sijRa
scindait s5dE
scintillants s5tij@
sciure sjyR
sciures sjyR
scolaires skOlER
scoop skup
score skOR
scratch skRatS
scripturaire skRiptyRER
scrupuleusement skRypyl2zm@
scrutés skRyte
sculptaient skyltE
sculptés skylte
seau sO
sébum sebOm
sécants sek@
sèches sES
séchoir seSwaR
second s*g1
secouement s*kum@
secouons s*kw1
secouru s*kuRy
secréteur s*kRet9R
sécréteurs sekRet9R
sécrétrice sekRetRis
sectaire sEktER
sectionnées sEksjOne
sécurisée sekyRize
sédentarisation sed@taRizasj1
sédiments sedim@
séduit sed8i
ségala segala
seigneuriaux seN9RjO
seille sEj
séjournant seZuRn@
sélectionnait selEksjOnE
sélectionneront selEksjOnR1
selon s*l1
sémantèmes sem@tEm
semblablement s@blabl*m@
semblerait s@bl*RE
séminaristes seminaRist
sémitisme semitism
semoir s*mwaR
semons s*m1
senne sEn
sensiblement s@sibl*m@
sensibleries s@sibl*Ri
sentie s@ti
sentimentalité s@tim@talite
sent s@
séparabilité sepaRabilite
séparait sepaRE
sépareront sepaRR1
seps sEps
septentrion sEpt@tRij1
septuor sEpt8OR
séquence sek@s
séquentielle sek@sjEl
séreuse seR2z
sergé sERZe
sérieuse seRj2z
sermonnaires sERmOnER
sérodiagnostic seROdjagnOstik
serpentements sERp@tm@
serpentons sERp@t1
serrerons sER*R1
serrurerie seRyRi
sertirait sERtiRE
serviables sERvjabl
servi sERvi
servis sERvi
setier s*tje
seul s9l
sévirai seviRE
sévissent sevis
sexologique sEksOlOZik
sexualisée sEks8alize
sforzando sfORtsandO
sherpas SERpa
shilling SiliG
shooteras SutRa
siamois sjamwa
sidecar sidkaR
sidérurgie sideRyRZi
siégeraient sjeZRE
sienne sjEn
siffleraient sifl*RE
siffleurs sifl9R
sigillographie siZilOgRafi
signalent siNal
signale siNal
signatures siNatyR
signé siNe
signets siNE
significateur siNifikat9R
silencieuse sil@sj2z
silicatés silikate
sillonnes sijOn
sillonnons sijOn1
similarité similaRite
simplesse s5plEs
simplifiaient s5plifjE
simulacres simylakR
simule simyl
sinanthrope sin@tROp
singularisent s5gylaRiz
singularise s5gylaRiz
sinisés sinize
sinusal sinyzal
sinusoïde sinyzOid
sirota siROta
sirupeux siRyp2
si si
sisyphe sizif
situât sit8a
située sit8e
skieurs skj9R
skip skip
slovaques slOvak
smicards smikaR
sniffent snif
sobriquet sObRikE
sociabilités sOsjabilite
socialisés sOsjalize
sociologues sOsjOlOg
sociométriques sOsjOmetRik
sodomiser sOdOmize
soient swa
soignait swaNE
soins sw5
soit swa
soldera sOld*Ra
solennisée sOlanize
solennités sOlanite
solidification sOlidifikasj1
soliloques sOlilOk
solive sOliv
sollicités sOlisite
solstices sOlstis
solvables sOlvabl
sombre s1bR
sommait sOmE
sommeillèrent sOmEjER
sommes sOm
somnolais sOmnOlE
somnolerais sOmnOlRE
sonda s1da
songeant s1Z@
songent s1Z
sonna sOna
sonnerez sOnRe
sonnette sOnEt
sophismes sOfism
soprano sOpRanO
sorcier sORsje
sortantes sORt@t
sortes sORt
sortons sORt1
soubise subiz
soubrette subREt
soucieux susj2
soudainement sudEnm@
soudent sud
soufflait suflE
souffla sufla
souffletant sufl*t@
souffrances sufR@s
souffrantes sufR@t
souffrît sufRi
souhaitaient swEtE
souhaiterez swEtRe
souillée suje
souilleront sujR1
soulageâmes sulaZam
soulèverons sulEvR1
soulignais suliNE
soulignait suliNE
soûl su
soumettre sumEtR
soumissionnaires sumisjOnER
soupçonneux supsOn2
soupçonnez supsOne
soupesé sup*ze
soupière supjER
soupirail supiRaj
sourciers suRsje
sourdines suRdin
souriais suRjE
sournoisement suRnwazm@
souscrirait suskRiRE
soussigné susiNe
soutanes sutan
soutenaient sutnE
soutiendraient sutj5dRE
soutirées sutiRe
souvenait suvnE
souviendrons suvj5dR1
soviets sOvjEt
spagyrique spaZiRik
spaltung spalt1g
spatialisée spasjalize
spécialisé spesjalize
spécifiée spesifje
spectrales spEktRal
spectrogramme spEktROgRam
speiss spEs
spéléologues speleOlOg
spermes spERm
sphinge sf5Z
spinaux spinO
spinozistes spinOzist
spiritualisant spiRit8aliz@
splanchnologie spl@knOlOZi
spleen splin
spongieuses sp1Zj2z
sporanges spOR@Z
sport spOR
sprintant spRint@
spumeuses spym2z
squaw skwO
stabile stabil
stades stad
stagna stagna
stal stal
standardisée st@daRdize
standardisés st@daRdize
statères statER
stathoudérat statudeRa
stationnés stasjOne
statisticienne statistisjEn
statural statyRal
stéatopyges steatOpiZ
stencil stEnsil
sténothermes stenOtERm
stéréochimie steReOSimi
stéréospécifique steReOspesifik
stérilisa steRiliza
stick stik
stigmates stigmat
stimulation stimylasj1
stipulant stipyl@
stipuler stipyle
stolons stOl1
stoppa stOpa
stoppeuse stOp2z
strangulations stR@gylasj1
strasse stRas
stratégie stRateZi
strictes stRikt
strict stRikt
striures stRijyR
strophes stROf
structuralistes stRyktyRalist
stucatures stykatyR
studiolos stydjOlO
stupéfiaient stypefjE
stylisez stilize
stylisme stilism
suais s8E
subconscientes sypk1sj@t
subconsciente sypk1sj@t
subir sybiR
subit sybi
subjectifs sybZEktif
sublimait syblimE
sublimité syblimite
submergeant sybmERZ@
subordonnant sybORdOn@
subordonner sybORdOne
subsistaient sybzistE
substance sypst@s
substantiel sypst@sjEl
substituons sypstit81
substrat sypstRa
subtil syptil
suburbains sybyRb5
subvenir sybv*niR
subviendra sybvj5dRa
succéderaient syksedRE
succinct syks5
succinique syksinik
succulents sykyl@
sucée syse
sucera sysRa
sucré sykRe
suédine s8edin
suette s8Et
suffit syfi
suffixe syfiks
suffragette syfRaZEt
suggèrent sygZER
suggérerons sygZeR*R1
suicidèrent s8isidER
suiffard s8ifaR
suinté s85te
suivissent s8ivis
sulfatages sylfataZ
sulfone sylfOn
sulfureuse sylfyR2z
sunnite synit
supercheries sypERS*Ri
superfluité sypERflyite
supérieur sypeRj9R
superposerait sypERpOzRE
superposer sypERpOze
superviseront sypERvizR1
supplantés sypl@te
suppléent syple
suppléés syplee
suppliante syplij@t
supplié syplije
supportée sypORtER
supports sypOR
suppositoires sypOzitwaR
supprimeront sypRimR1
supprimé sypRime
supputés sypyte
supranormal sypRanORmal
surajoutés syRaZute
surajoute syRaZut
surcharge syRSaRZ
surclassant syRklas@
surclassements syRklasm@
surdoué syRdwe
suréleva syRelva
surenchéri syR@SeRi
surestimation syRestimasj1
surfacer syRfase
surfaix syRfE
surgira syRZiRa
surhommes syROm
surhumain syRym5
surinfections syR5fEksj1
surjetée syRZ*te
surmenés syRm*ne
surmultipliait syRmyltiplijE
surnageant syRnaZ@
surnaturels syRnatyREl
surpassaient syRpasE
surpassais syRpasE
surplomb syRpl1
surprenant syRpR*n@
surprendrais syRpR@dRE
surprît syRpRi
surréalistes syRRealist
sursaturante syRsatyR@t
sursoie syRswa
surtendu syRt@dy
surveillez syRvEje
surviendrait syRvj5dRE
survinrent syRv5R
survolais syRvOlE
survoltées syRvOlte
suscitas sysita
suscita sysita
susmentionnés sysm@sjOne
suspendez sysp@de
suspendra sysp@dRa
sustentant syst@t@
susurrements sysyRm@
sûtras sytRa
suture sytyR
svastikas svastika
syllabaires silabER
sylvie silvi
sylvies silvi
symbolisèrent s5bOlizER
sympathisants s5patiz@
symphonique s5fOnik
synchrone s5kROn
synchronisent s5kROniz
syncopée s5kOpe
syndrome s5dROm
syntagmes s5tagm
synthétiserait s5tetizRE
syntol s5tOl
systématise sistematiz
systèmes sistEm
tabernacles tabERnakl
tabes tab
tabulaire tabylER
tâchai taSE
tacherais taSRE
tachetés taSte
tacs tak
tadjik tadZik
taillada tajada
tailleurs taj9R
tailleur taj9R
taise tEz
talents tal@
talion talj1
talonnette talOnEt
talquées talke
tambourina t@buRina
tamisent tamiz
tamisier tamizje
tamponnons t@pOn1
tangences t@Z@s
tangentiellement t@Z@sjElm@
tanker t@kER
tanner tane
tant t@
tapageurs tapaZ9R
tapa tapa
tapeurs tap9R
tapirat tapiRa
tapissa tapisa
tapotent tapOt
taquets takE
taquins tak5
taraudant taROd@
taraudée taROde
tardiez taRdje
targette taRZEt
targua taRga
tarir taRiR
tarmac taRmak
tarsiens taRsj5
tartineurs taRtin9R
tartrate taRtRat
tassa tasa
tâtait tatE
tatamis tatami
tâtant tat@
tâtonné tatOne
taube tOb
taupés tOpe
taurins tOR5
taxation taksasj1
taxé takse
taxidermie taksidERmi
teams tim
teck tEk
teille tEj
teintaient t5tE
télégraphiant telegRafj@
télégraphiste telegRafist
télématique telematik
téléphoneraient telefOnRE
téléphonerai telefOnRE
télescope telEskOp
télésièges telesjEZ
télex telEks
telluriques tElyRik
témoigna temwaNa
témoigne temwaN
tempérés t@peRe
tempêtais t@pEtE
temporal t@pORal
temporisations t@pORizasj1
tenait t*nE
tender t@dER
tendineuse t@din2z
tendues t@dy
ténébreuses tenebR2z
ténorino tenORinO
tenseurs t@s9R
tentaient t@tE
tentèrent t@tER
tentions t@tj1
téréphtalique teReftalik
tergiversation tERZivERsasj1
terminerait tERminRE
terminerons tERminR1
ternirait tERniRE
terramycine tERamisin
terrasser tERase
terriblement tERibl*m@
terrifia tERifja
terrines tERin
terrorismes tERORism
terroriste tERORist
testamentaires tEstam@tER
testèrent tEstER
téton tet1
te t*
tétracorde tetRakORd
tétraèdre tetRaEdR
teutons t2t1
thalle tal
thaumaturgies tOmatyRZi
théâtre teatR
théobromine teObROmin
théorbe teORb
théoriciens teORisj5
thermiquement tERmikm@
thermonucléaires tERmOnykleER
thermopile tERmOpil
thésaurisation tezORizasj1
thèses tEz
thomiste tOmist
thrombolytique tR1bOlitik
thune tyn
thyroïdites tiROidit
tiama tjama
tiédir tjediR
tienne tjEn
tierçage tjERsaZ
tigré tigRe
timbrées t5bRe
timidité timidite
tinsse t5s
tintinnabulante t5tinabyl@t
tintinnabulement t5tinabylm@
tînt t5
tirailler tiRaje
tirants tiR@
tira tiRa
tirettes tiREt
tiriez tiRje
tisonnant tizOn@
tisseuse tis2z
tissu tisy
titille titil
titrés titRe
titubations titybasj1
toast tOst
toisèrent twazER
toi twa
tolérance tOleR@s
tolérés tOleRe
tôliers tOlje
tombais t1bE
tombées t1be
tombez t1be
tonalités tOnalite
tonitruais tOnitRyE
tonitrua tOnitRya
tonnelet tOnlE
tonsures t1syR
toponyme tOpOnim
top tOp
toquait tOkE
torchaient tORSE
tordant tORd@
torde tORd
tores tOR
torpédo tORpedO
torpilles tORpij
torsadés tORsade
tortillard tORtijaR
tortionnaire tORsjOnER
torturera tORtyRRa
torturèrent tORtyRER
totalisaient tOtalizE
totems tOtEm
totoches tOtOS
toucher tuSe
touchons tuS1
touffes tuf
toupie tupi
touraillage tuRajaZ
tourbillonnante tuRbijOn@t
tourière tuRjER
touristiques tuRistik
tourmentèrent tuRm@tER
tournants tuRn@
tournedos tuRn*dO
tournicote tuRnikOt
tournique tuRnik
tournoyant tuRnwaj@
toussai tusE
toussa tusa
toussotiez tusOtje
toxémie tOksemi
toxicos tOksikO
traçantes tRas@t
tracer tRase
trachéale tRakeal
tracteur tRakt9R
traducteurs tRadykt9R
traductrice tRadyktRis
traduisît tRad8izi
trafiquées tRafike
trafiques tRafik
trahissais tRaisE
traînais tREnE
traînasser tREnase
traînées tRene
trairait tRERE
traite tREt
traîtreusement tREtR2zm@
trajet tRaZE
tramage tRamaZ
tramés tRame
trancheuses tR@S2z
tranchons tR@S1
transaction tR@zaksj1
transbahutaient tR@sbaytE
transbordeur tR@sbORd9R
transcrire tR@skRiR
transcrivais tR@skRivE
transférant tR@sfeR@
transfigurant tR@sfigyR@
transformant tR@sfORm@
transformateur tR@sfORmat9R
transfuges tR@sfyZ
transgresse tR@sgREs
transir tR@ziR
transitaire tR@zitER
transitoires tR@zitwaR
transmettions tR@smEtj1
transmît tR@smi
transmue tR@smy
transparaîtra tR@spaREtRa
transpirants tR@spiR@
transplantant tR@spl@t@
transportais tR@spORtE
transposables tR@spOzabl
transposa tR@spOza
transsudait tR@ssydE
trappes tRap
trapue tRapy
traqueuse tRak2z
traumatiques tROmatik
travaillai tRavajE
travaillât tRavaja
travailliste tRavajist
traverserai tRavERs*RE
traversés tRavERse
travestie tRavEsti
trébucha tRebySa
trébuché tRebySe
tremblante tR@bl@t
tremblotantes tR@blOt@t
tremblotement tR@blOtm@
trempions tR@pj1
trémulant tRemyl@
trémulation tRemylasj1
trépidants tRepid@
trépigné tRepiNe
trésorier tRezORje
tressage tREsaZ
tressaillir tResajiR
tresseurs tREs9R
treuil tR9j
triangulations tRij@gylasj1
tributs tRiby
trichine tRikin
trick tRik
tricotage tRikOtaZ
tric tRik
tridentine tRid@tin
triennal tRiEnal
trigger tRig9R
trimait tRimE
trimant tRim@
trimbalons tR5bal1
trinacrie tRinakRi
tringlette tR5glEt
trinquâmes tR5kam
triomphaient tRij1fE
triomphatrices tRij1fatRis
tripartition tRipaRtisj1
tripatouillant tRipatuj@
triplement tRipl*m@
triporteur tRipORt9R
tripotais tRipOtE
trirèmes tRiREm
trisomiques tRizOmik
tritium tRitjOm
triviale tRivjal
trivialités tRivjalite
troglodytes tROglOdit
troïka tROika
trombones tR1bOn
trompaient tR1pE
trompez tR1pe
tronchet tR1SE
tronquée tR1ke
tropique tROpik
troposphérique tROpOsfeRik
trotskisme tROtskism
trottinantes tROtin@t
trottinant tROtin@
troubla tRubla
troubles tRubl
trouer tRue
troussèrent tRusER
trouvaille tRuvaj
trouverons tRuvR1
truelle tRyEl
truismes tRyism
truquages tRykaZ
trypanosome tRipanOzOm
tsuga tsyga
tubage tybaZ
tuberculine tybERkylin
tuerai tyRE
tue ty
tuileries t8ilRi
tuméfie tymefi
tumultueuses tymylt82z
turbina tyRbina
turboréacteurs tyRbOReakt9R
turco tyRkO
turlupiner tyRlypine
turlutte tyRlyt
tutélaire tytelER
tuteurage tyt9RaZ
tutti tuti
twistant twist@
typhiques tifik
typifiés tipifje
tyrannies tiRani
tyrannisent tiRaniz
ulcérées ylseRe
ulcères ylsER
ulémas ylema
ultrafiltrat yltRafiltRa
ulule ylyl
unicité ynisite
unifiée ynifje
uniforme ynifORm
uniment ynim@
unir yniR
unissant ynis@
universalise ynivERsaliz
universalité ynivERsalite
upwelling ypwEliG
urbaniste yRbanist
urbanistique yRbanistik
urinait yRinE
urologique yROlOZik
urticants yRtik@
usai yzE
userai yzRE
usinée yzine
usurpait yzyRpE
utilisais ytilizE
utilisés ytilize
utilisez ytilize
vacances vak@s
vacataires vakatER
vaccinées vaksine
vacillent vasij
vacille vasij
vagabondaient vagab1dE
vagissaient vaZisE
vagissent vaZis
vaincus v5ky
vain v5
vaisseau vEsO
valentinienne val@tinjEn
valentin val@t5
valétudinaire valetydinER
valider valide
vallons val1
valoir valwaR
valseuses vals2z
vanneur van9R
vanné vane
vanternes v@tERn
van v@
vaporisation vapORizasj1
vaporiser vapORize
varechs vaREk
variantes vaRj@t
variera vaRiRa
varves vaRv
vascularisé vaskylaRize
vasouillard vazujaR
vaticinent vatisin
vaticiner vatisine
vautraient vOtRE
veau vO
vécés vese
vedettes v*dEt
végétativement veZetativm@
végètent veZEt
véhémentes veem@t
veillâmes vEjam
veinards vEnaR
vêler vele
velléités vEleite
vénalité venalite
vendaient v@dE
vendais v@dE
vendéenne v@deEn
vendisse v@dis
vénéneux venen2
vénérations veneRasj1
venette v*nEt
vengèrent v@ZER
venions v*nj1
ventilation v@tilasj1
ventriloques v@tRilOk
ventripotentes v@tRipOt@t
verbalisation vERbalizasj1
verdies vERdi
verdissant vERdis@
verglacées vERglase
vérification veRifikasj1
vérifiez veRifje
vérif veRif
vermeil vERmEj
vermifuge vERmifyZ
vernir vERniR
vernissant vERnis@
verrier vERje
verrouillèrent vERujER
verrouilles vERuj
verserai vERs*RE
versicolore vERsikOlOR
versions vERsj1
verticillées vERtisile
vertigo vERtigO
verveine vERvEn
vésanies vezani
vésicales vezikal
vestibulaires vEstibylER
vestibules vEstibyl
vêts vE
vexait vEksE
vexée vEkse
viaducs vjadyk
vibration vibRasj1
vibrer vibRe
vicariale vikaRjal
vicinalité visinalite
victorieuses viktORj2z
vidas vida
viderait vidRE
vieillie vjeji
vieillis vjeji
vieillotte vjEjOt
vietnamiennes vjEtnamjEn
vieux vj2
vigoureusement viguR2zm@
viles vil
vilipendés vilip@de
vîmes vim
vinaigre vinEgR
vindicativement v5dikativm@
vinicoles vinikOl
violacées vjOlase
violant vjOl@
violes vjOl
violé vjOle
vioques vjOk
virerait viRRE
virgilien viRZilj5
virgule viRgyl
virtualité viRt8alite
virtuels viRt8El
visai vizE
visée vize
viseras vizRa
vises viz
visite vizit
visitiez vizitje
vison viz1
visuel viz8El
vitaminiques vitaminik
vitrés vitRe
vitres vitR
vitreuse vitR2z
vivandiers viv@dje
vivats viva
viviparité vivipaRite
vivotent vivOt
vizir viziR
vociféra vOsifeRa
vocifèrent vOsifER
voguera vOgRa
voilant vwal@
voilettes vwalEt
voituré vwatyRe
voit vwa
volants vOl@
volera vOlRa
vole vOl
voligeage vOliZaZ
volontaristes vOl1taRist
volta vOlta
voltigeurs vOltiZ9R
volumineuses vOlymin2z
volve vOlv
vomissements vOmism@
vomissures vOmisyR
votants vOt@
vouait vwE
voua vwa
vouliez vulje
vouons vw1
vouvoiement vuvwam@
voyageras vwajaZRa
voyagez vwajaZe
voyiez vwajje
vraiment vREm@
vraisemblable vREs@blabl
vrombissantes vR1bis@t
vulcanologue vylkanOlOg
vulgarisent vylgaRiz
warrant waR@
weber vebER
whigs wig
xciii kssjji
xcvi kskvi
xénophilie ksenOfili
yards jaR
yearlings j9RliG
ÿ i
étés ete
youyou juju
zadé zade
zaïroises zaiRwaz
zébrant zebR@
zèbrent zEbR
zénana zenana
zigue zig
zigzags zigzag
zinzin z5z5
zombies z1bi
zonage zOnaZ
zoologique zOOlOZik
zooxanthelles zOOks@tEl
zozotante zOzOt@t
